Don't have sex with respectable sheep.
Shepherd by name, sheepdog by nature.
82% of chinchillas know themselves intimately.
Bill Gates Wimbledon overload.
Good afternoon Britain, please pencil in a revolution.
I'm severing toes with an octopus.
How many times has Flat Stanley folded himself into a grape?
Make a unique Eunuch unicorn out of sweet corn.
Pikachu is wanking your toes.
Imagine a midget scuba diving in Iraq.
Rastafarian donkey headstand.
24 hours in your mum's sock drawer.
Ratatouille Superstar Weekend
The lamp-post trigonometry convention.
The Pocahontas Cheesecake Festival
You know Suffragettes are responsible for smoke alarms.
Imagine surfing in a crayon factory.
I'm a tree-lined street that goes nowhere.
A loaf of bread is just a metaphor for human existence.
I'm the talisman of Cambridge Heath.
Oh disabled cat on a changing mat.
How to Iron Your Own Things by Bob Monkhouse.
I'm good at wrapping presents, especially when they're sheep.
You should suspend your uterus from a high building and shout for help.
You should get your uterus back from the pawnbroker.
You should have your uterus parachuted out of an aerial photography plane at high altitude.
You should have your uterus vacuumed by a Spanish waiter.
You should have your uterus bathed in milk and tucked up in bed with a hot chocolate.
You should have your uterus removed by a dove.
Cats are having sex with doors again.
Tinkly piano underpass.
It's time to fuck the bag of lentils hard in the face.
You take the high road and I'll take the low road and John O'Groats will be in Scotland before you
Teatime snack vagina.
Earthenware silhouette of a horse.
Nigel Mansell's Mobile Disco
Plato's Earthenware ceramics.
Spotlight for Hitler.
Crocodile Dundee and the Carwash
Peter Rabbit and the Naval Gazing Frog.
Taste the difference Dodo burgers.
I came, I saw, I sheepdogged.
Catnip dungarees Armageddon.
iCake 4
Flat chested fish.
If you're a sheepdog and you know it rob a bank.
Fuck a soup dish wearing a Tina Turner wig.
All the sheep are grazing, all the sheep are crazy.
Dauphinoise potato bums.
Head-butt Nigel Mansell in the cock.
If you could stroke Aladdin's calves, would you do that with a history teacher or a marsupial?
Chintzy hedgehog.
Piss on the balls of a monkey.
Shave a monkey.
I'm going to make an App for my mum.
Do you want to eat grass platted with platypus piss?
Would you like to have a cantilever bum?
Do you want to laugh about lichen?
Laughter in the basal biscuit.
Tuck a penguin in at night.
Pingu and the Aftermath of Den Watts.
Alan Bennett Underpass
I'm dreaming of sheepdog cock waggling in the vagina of a mongoose.
Would you like to stroke a marsupial?
A penguin bathed in butter.
I'm financially better off than Malcolm in the Middle.
Do you believe in flying dogs into walls?
Oil seed rape alarm for hay fever sufferers.
Dolphin bum potatoes.
Does Hello Kitty have a vagina?
You take the Mormons, I'll take the Stewarts. There will be a biscuit before you.
You take the low sheep, I'll take the funny little sheep. There will be a party before you.
You take the sand dune, I'll take the plankton. Bears will be bears before you.
I'll take the bandwidth and you take the hedge fund and bandits will be sexy before you.
You take the low dog and I'll take the high dog. Otters will be sexy before you.
You take the low dog, I'll take the high dog. Pocahontas will be in Scotland before you.
Bog standard table.
Dinner lady ketchup sex.
Lamborghini, horses, Dando, foreskins will all be in Scotland before you.
Champagne, sandwiches and horses and Brian will be in Scotland before you.
You take the monkey and I'll take the sheepdog. Horses will be horses before you.
You take the horse foot, I'll take the Nunhead. I'll be in Scotland before you.
I'll take the Lamborghini, you take the shed. I'll be in Scotland before you.
You take the Fred Astaire, I'll take the bandwidth. I'll be in Scotland before you.
Rigor mortis TV dinner dog.
You take the low dog and I'll take the high dog. I'll be in Scotland before you.
There are bears dancing on your grave.
Mystic Bin
Keith Harris and Orville, the donkeys will all fuck apes before you.
Hedgehog, doorknobs, chicken legs before you.
You take the sheepdog and I'll take the hedgehog. Bikers will be in Scotland before you.
Broken shoulder or shoulder of lamb? Choose.
Electoral reform or bears? Choose.
Pissing gently out of your anus.
Have sex with a raven in a bat costume.
Put a shuttlecock in the fridge.
Catnip underwear, say catnip underwear.
Jemima Puddle-Duck sorting office for sheep
I once coordinated a sentence.
Did squirrel slip a disk?
The horses are eating vaginas of hay.
How much sweet corn can you fit in a nun's vagina?
Do you love flicking elastic bands at Jesus's vagina?
Dogs in wolves clothing or sheep in a gale? Choose.
Image conscious biscuit.
Would you rather have emerging needs or emerging leaves?
Geranium you look like you're on 'The Only Way is Essex'.
Geranium we love you collectively as a nation.
Do you want to flick a Jack Russell in the penis?
One enchanted squeezy.
I'm having sex with animals again and they all like it hard in the face.
Shall I make jelly in the shape of a hedgehog penis?
Peanut butter knickers.
Your mum sucks dogs' penises.
Honey, I Shrunk The Deerstalker
What's missing from our conversation is sand.
Swan sex is sexy.
Shall I get a floppy drive installed between my rib cage and my head?
Do you want Margaret Thatcher's hair on your own mother's vagina?
Blow job for Joe Bloggs.
WereBears or Bourbon Bear Bears? Choose.
I'm an Iron Age fort in Wiltshire.
Who painted the sky beige?
Is your mind clouded by Santa's spit?
Do you want to saw off the arm of the table?
Do you want to paint biscuits on the back of a horse?
Mound of flesh or mind of dauphinoise potatoes?
In need of an extractor fan? Try a penguin.
Buzzard porn or penguin porn? Choose.
Nesting dolls, nesting tables or nesting penguins? Choose.
This year only 14% of penguins will be admitted to Glastonbury.
I'm painting a rainbow on your forehead, Sky.
Millipede or moped? Choose.
Pipe dreams or Pope? Choose.
I'm a Mino in a pool of semen.
I'm a Mino in the mouth of a penguin.
Pamela Anderson penguin-style.
Penguins aren't the saviours of the human race but they are the saviours of Wednesday.
I'm the only priest who thinks penguins are saviours.
I'll book a cab, from Aladdin's dustbin to the groin of an antelope.
And when the door is open the cats begin to shit. And when your crayons are finished, the Life of Brian is over.
Give a cat a blowjob.
Join the dots, eyebrow to eyebrow.
I'd rather have penguins on my socks than in my Brian Adams costume.
Time to arm the penguins - I really think we should have armed penguins.
There are nine varieties of penguin in the fridge.
Do you think you could put a penguin on a 40 degree wash?
The penguins are suffering with breast cancer too.
I'm considering redecorating a penguin.
Oh blimey! It's a penguin in a Daniel Day Lewis costume.
It's time that penguins flew Concord.
Wednesdays are about flow chars for penguins.
We could make penguins into lamp-posts for Aristotle.
Anne of Green Gables died in my mum's bathtub.
Catapult sheep at the moon.
Put a penguin in a dishwasher with a member of Hanson.
I wish Pocahontas was better at cat's cradle.
Satan can go on leave because Thatcher's arrived.
Elopian tubes, they're like fallopian tubes but for eloping.
Would you like to join a pyramid porn scheme?
Stabby McPhee, it's like Nanny McPhee but with knives.
I managed to suck a goat's testes.
Hedgehogs love Bourbon.
I'm a little bit like sheepdog, I'm a little bit like porn. I'm a little like Asda, but more desperately forlorn.
I love seven-inch whales.
I'm the product of a biscuit and a bin.
I'm dreaming of zed beds in Dando's back room.
I'm dreaming of horses mucking out their mums.
I'm dreaming of Hansel and Gretel skipping through the car park in Asda.
Tantric sex with apricot.
I'm dreaming of naked flames doing a lap dance with the Queen.
I'm dreaming of champagne vaginas.
I want your honest opinion, would you prefer me as a kangaroo?
I'd like an essay entitled ‘Bins'.
Do you think I'd be better as an octopus? Answer in eight words.
Biscuits are more festive than pickles.
Make Santa pay for his mistakes.
Frozen prose.
I'm a cling-film Klingon.
Frodo fucks loaves of bread.
Are you donkey below zero?
Do a little mosaic for Jesus.
Lettuce cum.
Soppy soap for Sellotape.
Daniel Bedingfield veneer.
Do you suckle from a koala?
Michael Aspel smells my pants.
Pat yourself on the back, you've passed your PAT test.
I heard cat AIDS was alive and kicking in a bear's bedroom.
I'm a geek disguised as a hipster.
Pocahontas died, straightforward cat AIDS.
This vehicle is eating Peter.
I really like doves dressed up as clowns.
Donna Air inflatable bouncy castle.
Let's go sheep clubbing.
Pinafore dress for an alien.
Sheepskin coat in a lido.
Mr Blobby died, poisonous poke from an August child.
R Kelly fucked a goat, and a thirteen year old.
Santa Clause died, silly billy.
Cambridge Heath Ambassador Frogspawn Society
Do I annoy you more than a Cabbage Patch Doll tickling you feet with a feather?
Oh! Frozen food stuffs.
It's not a geranium, it's G-Unit.
Weave a Honda.
Would you like to rape Aristotle's nose?
Would you like to sand Jesus down into a horse?
Club a seal club.
I resent you for being a pickled onion t-shirt.
You take the llama and I'll take the zebra, and Craig David is laid out before you.
You take the Mormons and I'll take the Normans, and there'll be a biscuit before you.
You take the high sheep and I'll take the funny little sheep, and there will be a party in Scotland before you
You take the sand dune and I'll take the plankton and bears will be bears before you
I'll take the bandwidth and you take the hedge-fund, and bandits will bow down before you
You take the low dog and I'll take the high dog, and otters will be sexy before you.
You take the spatula and I'll take the sheepdog, and horses will be horses before you.
I'll take the Lamborghini, you take the shed, and I'll be in Scotland before you.
You take Fred Astaire and I'll take the band, and I'll be in Scotland before you.
I'm a pie-eyed alien.
You take the sheepdog and I'll take the hedgehog, and bears will be in Scotland before you.
Don't bite me, clotheshorse.
Time to do dressage, clotheshorse.
Saddle up, clotheshorse.
Clotheshorse, you have a lovely mane.
Clotheshorse, go to Maine.
Don't dream of penguins!
I think it might be time to talk about penguins.
In need of an extractor fan? Try a penguin!
The Mafia are making baby penguins again.
Roger McGough died, Sir Lancelot killed him with an ashtray.
Do you think the House of Lords would look better with penguins?
Would you soak a penguin in rum for fun?
Pingu and the Aftermath of Den Watts
Replace every chimney in London with a penguin.
Nesting dolls, nesting tables or nesting penguins? Choose!
Imagine trying to tuck a penguin in at night.
Balance a penguin on a tennis ball in Parliament.
I'd rather have penguins in my socks than in my Brian Adams costume.
Time to arm the penguins, I really think we should have armed penguins.
Morrisons do a good line in penguins.
Cream crackers are amazing!
My specialist subject on mastermind is penguin parts.
Penguins bathe themselves in tarragon.
Do you think a penguin could be a disco ball if it tried hard enough?
Do you think you can put a penguin on a 40° wash?
You could get a nanny or you could just get a penguin.
Oprah loves penguins.
It's time that penguins flew Concorde.
I'm considering re-decorating in penguin
How many penguins can you fit under your duvet?
How many penguins take part in Movember?
Goodnight robot dogs.
Shake your fist at a Gordon Ramsey lookalike for me, in your mind.
I'm higher than an antelope in a boring ball-gown.
Hello Aladdin, oh you're not Aladdin you're a ladder.
I have a firework and a verruca.
I have some Endorphins in my system.
I have a rattlesnake in my pants.
Doris Day or parsnips? Choose
I'm as solid as a rock in an orphan's tits.
The moon is laughing at your vagina.
Did you get a drystone wall wet with excitement?
I'm a Twitter account for Jeremy Beadle.
Oh, blimey, it's a penguin in a Daniel Day-Lewis costume.
Wednesdays are about flow-charts for penguins.
Penguins look good in beanies.
There are 48 penguins on the allotment list in Sunderland.
Energy-saving light bulbs or penguins? Choose!
I vote for a parliament of penguins.
Replace the queen with a penguin.
Put a penguin on a lamp-post and watch it fall.
Oh heaven is a place on Smurf.
Oh sheepdog is a place on earth.
Organic maple leaf moron.
Oh heaven is a place on beef.
Oh biscuit is a place on sheep.
I'm going to fuck a sheepdog with a lettuce.
I want to fuck a sheep with the queen.
David Cameron, disco fish.
Lamp a lamp-post.
Go compare a sheep with your mother.
I broke a friend of a friend of a friend's back with an iguana.
Do want to watch a partridge piss its pants?
I could beat Bangladesh at a rain dance.
I hate it when cats come together in teenagers' underwear.
Hannibal Lectern.
Robin Hood died, Richard and Judy bashed his head in.
Starship Troopers and the Elephants of Disgrace
Cabbage monkey.
Would you rather Bryan Adams licked your foreskin or tied you shoelace incorrectly?
Do you want to go sperm jumping with a monkey?
Titillated table.
Where's history going? In the bin.
I'm sorry, but I do think baby kittens are gays.
Floodlight for your soul.
Pest Control to Major Tom
I see your goat, shaking a leaf.
Sit on Santa's lap and have an egg.
Cow tongue, rough body.
Climb every sheepdog with a sneaky sheep.
I know an old woman who swallowed a key ring attached to a mongoose called Keith Chegwin.
Did Aladdin give you an orgasm?
I have the bladder of an ant with osteoporosis.
ROS, it's like an SOS but for rum.
Hedge your bets hedgehog.
Catadamia nut, it's like a macadamia nut but for cats.
Molasses donkey woman farm.
Sheep don't kill people, donkeys do.
Parmageddon, it's like Armageddon but for Parmesan.
Ninj-pin, it's like a linchpin but a ninja.
Allatin - it's like Aladdin but in Latin.
Have champagne sex with a sheepdog.
Barbara Streisand died, tennis.
San Francisco penis automobile.
Avocado gunmen afternoon.
Oh hedgehog, you came and shot your penis in my mouth.
Smurf sex - it's so blue.
Wesley Snipes: Biscuit man.
Don't tickle the lamp-post.
The lamp-post is as balanced as a cum guzzling snail rolling down a hill.
I'm being independent like the BBC.
I'm allergic to penis.
Nanosecond Anagram.
What do you think Alan's imagination looks like?
Who's wiser, King Arthur or the lamp-post?
Nanna's eating out your Pocahontas toes
What shall we have for dinner, mongoose or leaves?
What's your feelings on shit storms in fairies?
Man Dem Nans.
Do you like ambidextrous hiccups?
Seek and you'll find a bear's piece of mind wrapped up in brown paper in Ipswich.
The feeling of pigeon feet on cold metal - it's the lamp-post's specialist subject on mastermind.
Citizen Tame, it's like Citizen Kane, but a pussy.
Wish upon a star pissing sparks out its arse.
Percrane, it's like a penguin and a crane
Oh no! My arm's a Canada goose.
Do you think I'm more tabby cat or tortoiseshell?
Michael Aspel died, piña colada accident.
Biodegradable Mum and the Swansea Sheep
Thou shalt not blink too much on Saturdays.
I'm like an elegant little table that was once an oak tree.
I'm like an oak tree because squirrels nest in my vagina.
I'm like an oak tree because I hear owls in my mind.
I'm like an oak tree because I laugh at lamp-posts.
I'm like an oak tree because I move a lot and never get anywhere.
The Lamp-post is as balanced as a cum-guzzling snail rolling down a hill.
Tiny Platypus with a Vengeance
Die Hard with a Lilo
Die Hard with a Daisy
Park a Car with a Vengeance
Dundee with a Vengeance
Die Hard with a Plastic Fork
In ancient times Old English Sheepdogs made chutney with rosehip and arsenic.
Capitalist chutney for sheepdogs.
Old English Sheepdogs need fourteen different types of chutney everyday.
Who's collecting chutney for sheepdogs?
What do you get when you cross a dog and a dick - a dickdog!
Snow-venture, it's like an adventure, but with snow.
I love just hanging with the lamp-post.
Lamp-post, you look paler than a mini-milk.
Clairvoyants killed my mum.
Lamp-post, don't take that shit from the pigeons.
Lamp-post, I can see a bird shitting on your head.
Hotdog make-up dogs.
Hedgehog penis.
Clap if you want to go sparkly.
Hands up astronauts.
Post Punk, Post Modern, Post Ironic, Period Pains.
Latex leisurewear for gimps.
Sew your own cunt up.
Ink and babies.
Tourettes is the wind of bins.
I'm going to squash the rainbow into a palette of pea.
It takes nine to Tango.
Imagine an antenatal class for antelopes.
Fucking eggs, fucking chickens, fucking eggs.
Naughty Lord Byron under the sofa massaging himself with a pull cord from an ancient curtain.
There's a penguin coming down the road dressed as a panda.
There's a penguin coming down the road dressed as an antelope.
There's a penguin coming down the road dressed as a coy Carp.
There's a penguin coming down the road dressed as a prawn.
Sweet dreams are made of sheep.
Operation Biscuit Bear
Fabulous flaps.
Between the morning and the floor.
The frock bucket.
Disco daywear.
Original horse tits.
Sequin suicide saviour.
Sequin pyjama hotline.
Date rape Dave Cameron.
If you sucked up a donkey though your anus, would you talk about bears?
I love Beefcake Anonymous Day.
Dear Door, please shut my mum out.
Night, night, nitrous oxide.
You are the rarest bird, goodnight.
Don't tell the police I raped a bear.
Put your head in the vagina of a sausage.
Who loves underwear? Florence Nightingale.
I have a cunt with a built in fan assisted oven.
I have a cunt with a draft excluder.
Cornwall Porn Ball.
I have a cunt made out of Lister's balls.
I have a cunt made out of Frank Butcher's left arm.
Daddy dog killed the radio star.
I have a cunt made out of Blackpool loaf.
I have a cunt made out of succulent plants.
I have a cunt made out of bears and bladders.
I have a cunt made out of squirrel tits.
I have a cunt made out of horse balls.
I have a cunt made out of energy saving light bulbs.
I have a cunt made out of woven tufts of dog.
I have a cunt made out of polystyrene balls.
I have a cunt made out of a badger dick.
I have a cunt made out of a flagpole.
I want to play tiddlywinks with your mum with her arms tied behind her back.
I have a cunt with an A+ rating.
Bob Geldof, God says ‘Shut up.'
Ponchos or pigtails? Choose.
Willesden or peace? Choose.
Pillows or pornos? Choose.
Hetty Wainthropp Investigates Why Geraniums are Shit.
Tell David Cameron he's going to die with a hash tag.
Tie Bob Dylan down mum.
I'm sorry your mum's a moose.
I'm sorry, but why have I still got Ipswich?
Lamp-post, have you been to the gym today?
David Cameron - running the country better than the crackheads of Harlesden.
David Cameron and the Crackhead of Discontent
David Cameron stole everyone's future.
David Cameron stole my future.
There's a bear over there fucking a horse in the nose.
I've got an AQA in rioting.
All the aardvarks in the room say ‘Biscuit.'
Strip-search a biscuit.
I love all the biscuits in the land.
Margaret Thatcher died, toiletry assassination scheme.
Blazing a trail to your mind.
I've got frogspawn lizards and a baby monkey in my hands.
I have a car made out of Fred Astaire.
I have a car made out of cunts and bears.
Everybody say avocado.
I have a cunt made out of Michael Aspel.
I have a car driven by the world.
I have a cunt made out of language tapes.
I have a stained glass dad in the bank.
I have a cunt made out of sandwiches.
I have a cunt made out of oranges.
Horseradish or Tony Blair? Choose.
I have a cunt made out of tinfoil.
I have a cunt made out of feather boas and bears.
I'm only raping glam rock superstars.
Hippies jingle but they don't fall down.
Robin Hood, Robin Hood, riding through Baghdad.
Ratatouille 4: The Return to Basildon
Chalk it up to the Billy Goats Gruff.
We could do a shit in a peacock's vagina.
I'm a little bit like speech marks.
Captain Sick Beard.
Rummage in your mum's overlord's sock drawer.
Rub the clitoris of a monk.
Lord I just don't care about aches.
Sometimes I feel like throwing donkeys in the air.
Sometimes I feel like doing a brass rubbing in Wolverhampton.
I've got all the love I need to see me to a prison in Istanbul.
I can count on Diana Ross to have a flatulence problem.
Morris Dancing Sheep International
I'm going to take Taylor Swift out for an evening of terrorising alien fish.
Fuck Roman cathedrals.
Who had lunch with an Aardvark?
Don't have a war over the Falklands, have a war over Nando's.
If you're happy and you know it, hurt a thorn.
I've got rock dog in my pants.
Fuck a little sheep tonight.
I'm only raping fish today.
Hi Frank Butcher, you're only a lesbian.
I have a cunt designed by Norman Foster.
Just brand your mum.
Elton John's given a biscuit a blowjob.
Bat a baby over the bank.
Fuck off Tourettes, you're an alien.
Low and behold: nothing.
I love you Tourettes, only in forty two languages.
I love Swan Lake upside-down.
I'm going to start a counselling service for apricots.
I have a cunt made out of Frodo Baggins' socks.
Bananarama rave party.
Welcome to Michael Aspel's house, turn left at the bins.
Have a cuddle with Nina Simone.
Fuck Mother Teresa round a care home in Wales.
I love cuming over a donkey, over a flame, in a biscuit factory in Wales.
Zebra crossing to Madrid.
I don't have a GCSE in Christmas.
Can you write down, ‘I love sloths'?
David Blaine is on fire in your mother's womb.
You know the Partridge Family - do you think they would look better in pinstripes or dungarees?
You're safer than a Santa locked in a box.
You're more meta than a metaphor about metaphysics.
Argentinean mud-wrestling tit.
Who's got April showers in their mind?
Eclipse, you're more magnificent than a dormouse with an Easter egg on it.
I'm taking my shoes off because I'm a Christmas tree.
Aladdin has sprained his wrist masturbating with a kettle lead and a fish.
I love Soda Streams and everything in 1982.
Blow back for donkey.
Tupperware party for astronauts.
#Geraniumhorse
He's got Hans Christian Andersen in his hands.
I'm a little bit like a green man but biscuits.
I'm in a civil partnership with a bygone age.
I'm in a civil partnership with Milton Keynes.
I'm in a civil partnership with an otter.
Tell Basingstoke she's sexy.
I'm a little bit like Ketchup. I'm a little bit like a barn.
There are two dolphins working in a post office a little north of Winchester.
Fill your mum with gluttonous keys.
I'm a communication nightmare.
When did you whisper ‘Goat Sex' in a dog's ear?
Can I get you anything else, Bryan Adams naked on a plate?
Notorious BFG.
Keith Vaz motherfucker.
And all the sheep and all the bears are babies.
Don't cry for me Champagne Bob.
They call him Brain, and Dingle and Dangle and Spike.
Oh Brian, you are so Polish.
Chaos Theory is for wimps.
The notorious Virginia Woolf.
Sandcastle or Batman? Choose.
Polar bear by proxy. It's a polar bear but really it's a badger.
Prince Harry or Herod? Choose.
Michelin starred Happy Meal.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Donkey
Pelican pencil case motherfucker.
Do you think January should shoot itself?
Don't cry, it's only January.
Put some lime on January and it'll taste a bit Mexican.
Stand up straight and smile January.
Fix up, look sharp January.
Oh January, I forgive you for being a shit.
Andover. It's like a Land Rover for conjunction words.
Citizen Rain. It's like Citizen Kane but for rain.
Tea towels or underwear? Choose.
Tit tableware.
Imagine if peas had cocks.
Lion Bar or Ramsgate? Choose.
G4 Security, lamp-post speaking.
Barbara Hepworth killed the radio star.
Eroticism for penguins.
Penguin erotica motherfucker.
Oprah Winfrey School of Archery and Needlework
Brian Dowling School of Growling
Ignore Brian growling in the corner.
Bookshelves, stairs or bears? Choose.
Asbestos and parsnip soup.
Walls or wombs? Choose.
Hit Britney Spears one more time - with the car.
Eighty Nine Shades of Grey Marl Sweatshirts.
Are you a backgammon champion from Tortoise Land?
Fifty shades of shopping trolleys.
I've got the balance of a tiger on a travelator.
Tiger on a travelator.
Toby Anstis tiger prawns.
Parrot cock. Carrot cake cock.
Tin Tin died. Tin Tin dyed beige.
You lazy fucking lamp-post. What are you doing just standing there?
Sorry but we need to talk about the fact that lamp-posts are benefit scroungers.
Lamp-post I love you and the doors do too.
Hello Kitty nitrous oxide.
You tiny diplodocus cock.
Your shag pile carpet fucked your mum.
Once upon a time in 1922 my mum sucked you out with a bear. She used it like a Hoover on your penis.
There's a sausage dog in you mum, taking a Spanish test.
I've got half a bottle of rum in my mind.
Sit on the basil.
I'm a psychedelic crisp.
I'm a dog on heat in 2012.
Swim for your life Jesus.
You're irrelevant, I'm irrelevant, Christmas is irrelevant.
Frigid.
Square balls mum.
Tina Turner sucks cock through a table tennis bat.
Some people think I'm Willesden.
There's a barcode talking about Elton John's dick.
I've got less cells than a donkey.
There's a health food shop in my mummy's dog.
I've got unpredictable tits.
I'm fucking a date with Jesus.
John Lennon snuffed it with a fairy.
Heaven is a place on Smurf.
Eek.
Fuck a Jabberwocky.
Tiptoe into George Bush's underwear.
For God's sake Jess, grow up and get a beard.
Take a bath with Tori Amos.
You're a tourist in your mum's mind.
Some people think I'm bonkers, I just think I'm Timmy Mallet's cousin.
My dad nicked a painting from the Tate.
I'm disappointed in your mother - she's too fucking bosca.
Happy Christmas Ramadan.
I'm Roland Rat's cousin, fourteenth removed.
Sew up the world's problems into a quilt for Tony Blair to die under.
Nightmare on Bonking Bear Street
I'm secretly having sex with a biscuit.
Moaning Minnie and the Garden of Eden
I'm an able-bodied shotgun.
I cc'd Michael Aspel into biscuits.
I cc'd a donkey into my mum's cunt.
I'm in a relationship with a sheepdog, a mum and a biscuit.
Babylon killed the radio star.
You say hello. I say bye, bye. Mummy says biscuits.
Don't worry, the cat did the plumbing.
How many right angles am I making in my mind?
How many elephants' clitorises can you fit inside a mouse's foreskin?
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't continue our abusive relationship.
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't cut your clitoris off.
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't put Marmite on your lips.
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't play you Belinda Carlisle.
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't smell your bits.
Sofa, you're not so far away that I can't fuck you up.
Imagine an octopus covered in Fairy Liquid having a seizure on a tricycle
You've gone so far this time sofa that I'm going to have to call the police.
The landed gentry are revolting.
I'm literally bonkers. How about you?
I'm bunking up with my godson.
It's brave to be a shithead in the States.
I illegally fuck a shepherd.
I'm riotously biscuit.
Look into your inner biscuit.
I'm mint-al.
Yesterday sheepdogs ate my mum in Safeway.
Poppy has puppy sex with ladybirds.
I'm mentally arithmetic.
Dear biscuits, I'm sorry I ate your mum.
Rub electrical tape on your mum's vagina.
I'm strimming Sellotape off my mum.
I'm shock incontinence. I'm shocking continents.
Snuggle up with pillow peas.
Finding meaning in Simon Cowell's teabags - yep.
Finding meaning in an octopus table - yep.
Finding meaning in my mum - no.
Reese Witherspoon, time bomb.
My mummy says your penis is a fireball.
Shock absorbing donkey cum - I need some now.
Boys II Men or Boys II Sheep? Choose.
Vagina pillow.
Can you pour about 14 gallons of Jesus on my mum?
I'm a sperm donor for whales.
I love you Ramadan.
Kick an AIDS baby over the Empire State Building.
Alien capacity building.
I'm going to climb Everest with a toothpick.
I pushed Jemima Puddleduck into your mum's biscuit.
Cod liver donkey fart.
Laura Wareing-wolf.
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Jess
Salt and vinegar donkey dick.
I fucked a Furby in 1994.
Everyone's talking hairy. Everyone's talking fur.
Timmy Mallet's in the corner talking to the wall in French.
Don't look at me. Look at Jesus on the scales.
Your mum's pussy is a dogshit.
Blister pack cum bag.
I wrote an article about donkeys in the Lancet.
There's a squirrel taking sex toys out in your bathroom.
Ramadan by proxy.
I have a whimsical attitude to sleep.
I'm Boys II Men in 1994.
I love to dance, long and loud and sheepish.
Acu-punch your mum.
I'm still partial to a bear.
Lamp-post you're invisible to me.
I fucked an ear lobe.
Roman Catholic nuns and fish net stockings made your mum's eyes bleed.
What's the story morning biscuit?
Manchester fantastico. Manchester door to darkness.
I just fucked a sheep in its day-glo armour.
Chihuahua baby-grow.
Yesterday banana muffin tops seemed so far away, and now they're rising up all over your elderly cotton pyjamas.
Yesterday all the hats in Argos went to bed in your mum.
Yesterday children were born in Hitchin. Now they should be killed without thinking.
Badger vage.
Awkward barn dance in Mumbai.
The Emperor's New Sheep
If in doubt, rape a pillow.
Yesterday your French manicure seemed so far away, now they're rammed up in your eyelids.
Yesterday Roman Catholic priests seemed so far away, preying on your mother's bears.
Yesterday all the shits from Bournemouth said hello to you.
Design a lipstick for Salman Rushdie.
Some men like bikini waxing their own mums.
Swear at Harry Potter's after-thoughts.
I've got a period pain from David Blaine.
Tin Tin's gone skiing in Amsterdam's socks.
Loaf of bread or Heatwave? Choose.
FedEx your biscuits.
Slide a tray across the room with a dog on it.
Diane Abbott Llama Appreciation Society
Princess of Aberdeen.
Diane Abbott fairy tale.
Give Gordon Brown a BAFTA.
Diane Abbott fucked a chimp.
Ketchup donkey elephant tits.
Penis Colada.
If you had a choice between impregnating a horse or Harold Bishop, which would you choose?
Jobs is sitting next to God, making him much more socially connected with the disciples.
I'm more forecourt than quad core.
Can you put Beardyman in the closet?
You're historically interesting, but not much else.
Hands up if you want to be a renegade in forty minutes.
Just fifteen of us. We can make it if we try. Just fifteen of us. Boris Johnson, Christmas trees, and I.
Roman doctor gigolo.
Mosquito tits.
Minty Python. It's like Monty Python but for mints.
The Jolly Green Giant remix of Hammertime.
MP expenses scandal or mince? Choose.
Terry Nutkins wash bag.
Orson Welles motherfucker.
Turtle head, oh turtle head, I fucked a goat with a windmill.
www.laceforrudeboys.com
www.alandaviesandmilk.com
Dinosaur Chinchilla.
Oh Aladdin, where's your nail brush?
Nan Bankio. It's like a bank but for Italian grandmothers.
Billy Jean is not a panda. He's just a panda that likes to shit in the woods.
Manchester Piccadilly or sandwiches? Choose.
What do you think biscuits do on the weekend, rape Bryan Adams or call bears?
What do you think anthropologists do on the weekend? Blowjobs.
Scotch bonnet is like Asbestos for horses.
I'm dreaming of August sand dunes.
Who loves kangaroo tits?
God loves Matthew Pountney despite his wistful dogs.
Imagine I was a gas, a liquid and a solid in Brighton.
I'm a sci-fi lecture that's happening in your mother's mind.
Hello, I'm not Mozambique, discuss.
Nicholas Lyndhurst wipes his teeth on you.
Your mother's a saliva overload.
Gary Glitter's penis - something your mother's never seen.
There's no way you can count to 82 in Sat Nav.
You can talk about wolf sex if you want.
When are you going to talk about Shane Ritchie?
What do you get if you cross a dove and toilet paper? A peanut-butter sandwich.
I don't care about the rocks that you've got. I'm just Morgan Freeman.
Jo Brand died, anorexia.
Take That love penguins.
Bryan Adams turns me on.
Duck fat turns me on.
For cooking a nice dinner you get Paris. If you cut up a mango, you get Asda.
What would be worse, if the moon had a tantrum, or the sun eloped with a dolphin?
The moon's really an adolescent called Stanley.
Who's your favourite Jill Dando lookalike?
How many wombs does it take to climb in a light bulb?
Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Com
I'm a leotard. It's like a leopard but in spandex.
Jonathan Ross, sheepdog shagger.
Mermaid donkey pretzel horse.
A bear in a uterus catapulting a sentence over a Wednesday.
Towelling underwear for your auntie Janice.
Cotton pants for Prince Philip.
Shuttlecock and badminton vagina.
Poirot is the epicentre of my universe.
Catapult Iron Man over the edge of Lucozade.
Thatcher's vagina is coming dressed at the ghost of a lettuce.
Shave your mum's legs.
Light bulb tits.
Colander vagina.
Rake the leaves in Switzerland, raid Nike Town, suffocate me with a disco ball.
One day I'm going to break like a shatterproof ruler in the 80s.
It's time for Satan to have sex with Norma Major.
Return of the Mac-adamia nut.
Gordon Brown went to Nike Town and left David Cameron to fuck Little England up the bum.
Shall we play 1990s phone games?
Jog on lamp-post.
Water pistol, spray me like you would a naughty cat.
I yo-yoed about with a biscuit.
Hedgehog eggnog.
Igloo warmer.
Brady Pants motherfucker.
Serious youth violence motherfucker.
Language barrier motherfucker.
Cantilever bridge motherfucker.
I love shed bonnet. It's like Scotch Bonnet but for sheds.
Catholicism is for wimps.
I'm like mild pressure on the bum sore of an orthodox Jew.
I've heard you'd stolen eight police cars.
Lego.
Gay abandon motherfucker.
Organ grinder motherfucker.
I'm playing Rolo Bears, it's where you stack up Rolos ‘til they look like bears.
Father fucker, motherfucker.
Spaghetti lover motherfucker.
Minibus motherfucker.
Once upon a time, all the goats in Argentina fucked a lung function test.
Landed gentry motherfucker.
Diving board motherfucker.
Shopping spree or Cambridge Heath? Choose.
A year in Karl Lagerfeld.
I love elderly words.
Greyscale ducks.
Ford Mondeo catchment area.
Imagine if Dumbledore turned the lights down in my mind.
Robocop took Ritalin.
It's a bit cold. It's a bit like Chesney Hawkes' mind.
Sat Nav Appreciation Scheme, Barbados speaking.
How shall I turn the oven on? Rub my clitoris on it.
I'm going to give the oven a lap dance.
The Cat era.
Squat thrusting up and down against a bear.
Operation Day-Glo penis.
I find Jesus overrated.
Argentinean Kitten Revolution 2
Russian princess Keith Chegwin.
Blue sky thinking motherfucker.
Good afternoon lamb's testes.
Rusks or the Queen? Choose.
Would you rather have a vampire's blood in your brain or a bear in your bed?
It's the hippies of outrageous fortune that fucked up Gandalf in the maze of mentalness.
Tie-dye Kanye West.
Biscuit flavoured sperm dog.
Would you move to a banging house party in Abu Dhabi?
Roman vaginas were made of acid and bears.
I've done bare beats for Alan Partridge.
Matthew Pountney raped a Pokémon in 1999.
Teapot Vagina and the Alien Apocalypse
Richard Hammond Mongoose Recovery Centre
Boris Johnson, Alan Davies, Mother Teresa Shampoo.
Brian Blessed and the Motorcar of Hate
Do you like elf sex?
Let's turn Buddy Holly the other way round.
'Draw a biscuit' said Picasso to the wolf.
Do you prefer biscuits or bloated pyjamas?
Thatcher died, history sat on her head.
Grayson Perry or vegetables? Choose.
Holy rollercoaster motherfucker.
It's raining cats and Christmas.
Kitty fuck. It's like a titty fuck but for kittens.
Androgynous android laughter.
Fifty shades of pencils.
Dauphinoise dolphin.
Oh window, I'm sorry you have to sit next to the wall.
I hate fucking Thatcher's cunt. It's like a black hole for sandwiches.
I'm a science experiment that went wrong in the ‘80s.
Sea to semen via Sweden.
Brush your hair with salad dressing.
Line your womb with Smarties.
Can you see your life through your phone?
Minnie Mouse has ovaries full of glue.
Jelly and ice cream motherfucker.
Little House on the Grayson Perry.
How many times do you think about socks everyday?
Melodramatic kitchenette.
Your mother is an anatomical impossibility.
Welcome to a lama's bottom.
Higgledy-piggledy bestiality.
Please leave your womb at the door.
Static spandex cat.
And then a bee came and it was the size of an ostrich.
Always put safety fourth, after cake, easy access bras, and tumble dryers.
If Aladdin was more flexible than a sheepdog, would he rotate your groin?
I'm a solid.
If you were a daft hen would you think about pickles?
Sat Nav or pencil? Choose.
What's your socks to breathing ratio?
Has your mum got socks for her head?
There's a technical glitch in Asda - it's actually the holy land.
Lactose Intolerant Care Bear and the Windy Day.
Biodegradable ant.
Hello Jen light bulb.
Badger porn or pissing? Choose.
Champagne or bras? Choose.
Ostrich head pleasure dome.
Allen Sheep. Like an Allen Key, but a sheep.
Where do you stand on Ketchup vodka spiced dogs?
Organised fun motherfucker.
Minnie Driver died, Hasselhoff.
Jesus' parents were horse chestnut trees.
The Messiah was born in B&Q in the homeware department.
Find all the bears and make them dance in cat AIDS leggings.
Fuck all the goats in Israel and send them away.
An Eddie Stobart lorry carried Mary on the dusty road.
The Messiah would look like Biggles if you put him on a cloud.
Little Dando, little Dando, on the dusty road.
Spoon your way to Jesus.
Don't have sex with Lemon-grad.
Nunhead sleeps in your mum's bedroom.
Do you like cartoon AIDS?
One mouse from Heaven, one step from doom.
Have you read the autobiography of a mouse?
Listen to the shipping forecast everyday except Tuesday.
Chestnuts roasting on a sheepdog's arse.
Maisonette motherfucker.
Kitchenette motherfucker.
Minnie Driver, automobile.
South Park says no!
Santa's buttocks motherfucker.
Gifty the Ghanaian Tractor.
Santa shot a policeman.
I'm a sandwich bag over the rainbow.
Don't fuck a goat in the bath.
I'm a manatee. It's a bit like humanity but a manatee.
I'm scraping the barrel of humanity.
I'm just a biscuit, a human shit.
I'm market for sheepdog wee.
Lamp-post, did you ever want to be a table lamp?
Testicular testes motherfucker.
Eighteen percent of live births are bears.
Did you find the golden vagina?
Cataracts motherfucker.
Camera Obscura motherfucker.
Land Rover motherfucker.
White people motherfucker.
Fuck off frankincense and myrrh, I want a biscuit.
Totem pole motherfucker.
When there's fourteen spaniels in the bathtub singing, you have to record them.
Goodnight lamp-post. Goodnight moon.
I'm like a Des'ree song - I'm on a higher plane.
What you don't know about me is I'm an animated car.
Thank the Lord I'm a bin.
Oxford fell over fishing.
BT sucked your mum.
Touch screen baby or orphan? Choose.
Would you like a touch screen bride?
I'm here to talk about sheepdog.
I'm here to talk to Basildon.
Horse window motherfucker.
Take a Pritt-Stick and stick all the leaves back on the trees.
Mental dolphin of a cinematographer.
Mental model of a cinematographer.
Somewhere over the rainbow sheepdogs raped AIDS.
Nunhead motherfucker.
Buttocks motherfucker.
Bloody hell Mary cum.
Happy Christmas, relatives in dressing gowns.
Happy Christmas, dolphin.
Happy Christmas, brisket
Happy Christmas, ostrich lovers
Matthew Pountney, Lizard impersonation 42 days of the year.
Line up with the llamas and queue for Santa.
Fighter pilot Santa.
Don't like Christmas like Hans.
Third donkey on the left has an igloo hat.
Gold frankincense and Andrew Marr.
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree, why are you so prickly?
Brian Blessed motherfucker.
Knife poof.
Would you rather have a skin graft with a monkey or a bulldozer's turnips?
Eight clouds of poof.
Russell is a dog - No.
What are we going to do about Rambo's cunt?
Have you got 20/20 vision or AIDS?
I Can't Believe it's Not Utterly Butterly.
It's time for an AIDS break.
Army of bear hugging trees.
Open Biscuit Style.
Nipple cunt.
Shakin' Stevens Style.
Ninny Bus - it's like a minibus but for ninnys.
Brokeback Mountain forward, Brokeback Mountain pull up.
God said, ‘Magnesium is overrated.'
Nannas or Nando's? Choose.
Welcome to Brain Adams's bath chamber.
Rabbit Reversal Therapy.
Stand up for duck rape.
Swear at the atoms.
Who wants tit socks?
Dear biscuits, I'm sorry but I've left you for Brian.
Once upon a time I loved bears and then I fingered their mums.
Basal Ganglia, motherfucker.
I'm going to ask you a question but I want you to answer as a bin.
I'm a misogynist kiwi fruit.
I'm over excited Forest Gump again.
Imagine I was a robotic orphan.
Your mother is shower proof at forty.
Imagine you're shampooing a goat right now.
I'm pissing in the womb of a bear.
Do you think I'm slower than a baby-grow in an orphan's door?
Alan has ten scrotums in his mind.
That thing your dog does with its testes is illegal.
Anneka Rice's groin is groaning under the weight of her own self-esteem.
Who thinks Paul Daniels will die in 2014?
Twinkly piano, motherfucker.
Bad behaviour, motherfucker.
Frosty the snowman is ramping in your mum.
Antarctic penguin dance.
Artic Penguin Style.
Fuck off allotments.
How many ambassadors in the Ferrero Rocher advert?
Michael Aspel, Lion-O bandwidth.
Do you take priests' cum in your coffee?
Can you just text a quartet and tell them to play Bach in the bathroom?
Gloria Hunniford talks to my bear.
Can you just text Lucifer and tell him to let go of Spain?
I lol'd at a bin.
Brian's on holiday in Aberdeen. He's doing a Kung Fu class with Neil Armstrong.
Gold, frankincense, and Andrew Marr.
Brad Pitt's vagina is tighter than Margaret Thatcher's sweat glands.
Have you thought what it would be like to be a dolphin and not be able to moisturise?
Have you thought about the fact that dolphins can't do their times tables?
I'm not a windbreak for Aristotle and his mum's bleeding vagina.
Shampoo fairy tits corral.
Minnie Driver died, screwdriver.
Papaya, cockroach, lemon love.
I'm sorry about the Queen's lizard skin.
Pop socks, or popup shops? Choose.
If you were a duck, would you worry about ironing?
Dada conservatoire.
I'm flying through space in a sandwich.
Are police officers mammals or reptiles?
Don't tell anyone about the secret bear's pyjamas.
Do you share a girlfriend with Jimmy Savile's son?
All the little dogs and all the little sheep, fucked a Nicaraguan princess in her sleep.
Undress a juggernaut in your mind.
Kanye West or Cambodia? Choose.
Your mattress is bored of you motherfucker.
Mattress motherfucker.
Your mum wears fawn dungarees.
I've got a shedload of ice cubes but no marshmallow chopsticks.
Do you have leaky ceiling or cataracts?
Lactate John O'Groats.
Minnie Driver Killed the Radio Star.
I could have been a blonde bombshell but my mum fucked a goat.
Feed your British biscuits brandy.
Do they know it's Christmas in your mum's sock drawer.
Wash up your dog.
Big lumps of Brian's balls.
Happy Don't Suck Brian's Cock Too Hard Day.
If you had to trade a biscuit for a biscuit, would you talk to Brian?
If I've told you once, I've told you twice, I've told you a thousand times, no goat sex. Except for the goat sex.
I fucked a cheese - melty.
Pol Pot motherfucker.
Donkeys' sex organs.
It's a little dolphin in a Santa hat
Nanagram - they're like anagrams but with Grans.
I was thinking about mathematics for horses and how many donkeys should do aerobics.
Barbwire alien.
Sing a song about sandwich tits.
Sing a song about cheese balls.
I love fucking Dando's corpse in Nando's.
Mini blow toe.
Germaine Greer once fucked a horse.
Would you rather have a corporate vagina or a company car?
O'Brian's Belt.
Barak Obama's bathroom party.
What do you get if you cross Jeremy Clarkson with a sausage? Nothing.
Get a minibus Obama.
We don't call them hymns, we call them God rhymes.
Gently touch your own foreskin.
I'll give you three wishes, one can be more wishes.
We must teach children how to spell abacus because they'll need one after the apocalypse.
Programming bears is revolting.
It's not the window that's broken. It's Santa's mind.
David ‘Cat AIDS' Cameron.
The trail of destruction from Asda is not the fault of the disaffected youth but Bryan Adams.
Hands up if you love Dave Cameron sitting on your biscuits.
Britain's got a biscuit factory in Wales.
Front man Bob Geldof of Donkey Kong fame.
Catapult John Barnes over a cliff now please.
Brad Pitt died, sucking his own money up his windpipe.
The geranium hasn't got AIDS after all.
Flowers or shandy? Choose.
Blowjob armadillo.
Tortoise rape.
Would you rather play Laser Quest naked or rape a horse?
Trevor Nelson, Dick Van Dyke lookalike.
Can you move the wall away from the window? It's a bad influence.
Toaster porn: It's where you put girls' underwear in the toaster ‘til it's crispy and make them wear it in bed.
Road test your own nose.
Bank manager, cock in the wind.
Special needs Martini, it's the one with the grey rabbit in.
Who's going paint Jade Goody's face with lead?
LED Jade Goody.
Dolphinoise potatoes.
I'm casual, like AIDS.
I'm glowing like an LED horseshoe.
Rollercoaster splatter painting starter kit.
Virginia Woolf numpty.
Jimmy Savile rollercoaster porno.
Special Needs Deacon.
I love lead poisoning.
Tourettes is when your head explodes with fairies.
Mary Queen of Scots sucks her own balls.
Little House on the Biscuit.
Bandwidth motherfucker.
Imagine there's no Santa, it's easy if you try.
We'll all go to space in a longboat.
Do you want Donatello to whisper in your ear about Banksy?
Lamp-post, your light is more beautiful than a nightingale playing the harmonica.
Lamp-post, you lovely orange bubble-head.
I love you, glassy eyed light bulb.
Light bulb, don't let the lamp-shade define you
Light bulb, the sun's given you a day off.
Window, are you wearing sun cream?
Morning sun, your light is brighter than Stephen Hawking's mind.
Pinch August's gusset.
August is a little bit jealous of March.
August is dancing into the future with dramatic intention.
Shatterproof ruler or Fred West's dog? Choose.
I'm going to make Bob Geldof into a statue and bring him to you on a silver plate.
Don King turns me on.
Everyone play punch a nipple.
If you cross a transformer with the whole Internet you get a pair of straightening irons called Hilda.
If you cross a transformer with the whole Internet you get Kenneth Branagh in a cardboard box.
I'm like an over efficient crayon.
Everybody walks in Donkey's shadow.
I'm singing discordant blues.
Ketchup monkey.
God bought Christmas.
Donkey sex is overrated by your mum's best friend Barbara.
I know I'm a Blair lookalike.
Don't get a hobby, get a Hobbit.
Hamster leggings.
Donkeys lost the war.
Management issue, motherfucker.
Grand Union Canal, motherfucker.
Müller Light, motherfucker.
Whipped cream in your anus.
Give me a blowjob with a little marshmallow on top.
Don't hit the bra of a leper called Stan.
Duct tape or duck rape? Choose.
I love rapey ducks.
Economies of scale with horseradishs and bears.
A dollar's what sheepdogs need to transform the world's economy.
Cheesy cum guns.
Prince William I can see your lizard skin.
Jimi Hendrix tour bus - Thatcher's driving.
Maybe ketchup's not alright for sheepdogs after all.
Spaghetti lover, motherfucker.
Do you like tortious-lini? It's like tortellini but made of shellfish.
Motherfucker, motherfucker.
Hook handed cleric the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Join the dots, motherfucker.
If you like a lot of bullshit on your biscuit, join the conservative party.
Have you put your feet in Thatcher's cunt today?
What kind of pimping prostitution service is this if there are no bears?
Do a meat shit.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is rare in bears.
Big boys don't shit themselves.
I can see Lava lamps in your shambolic mind.
Lava lamp shambles.
Bank managers' dicks in your mind.
Banksy's a flower girl.
Who's denser, Barry Manilow or pigs?
Brixton Nail Bomber or Horrible Histories? Choose.
Culturally significant tortoise.
MIDI foreplay.
Fuck Quality Street and Roses with your mother.
Gary Glitter crayoning set.
Canterbury Cock-fest
Palaeontology or legs? Choose.
Who'd like a Chernobyl bun?
Numpty Dumpty.
I'm pissing on Tiscali Broadband.
Don't paper cut your vagina.
Hobgoblin knob-jockey.
Spread a badger's legs on some toast Des'ree.
Cum Cake 2 - Return of the Sperm
God bless Primark and all who ride her bum.
Evergreen Tinsel Tangle Style
Jingle Bell Sock Dog Style
Cameron declared humanity a horrible horse.
Santa Bad Man Style
Donkey Gang Bang Style
Tie your little underage kangaroo down.
What type of star will you have on your biscuit tree?
Would it be worse if the Moon had a tantrum or if the Sun eloped with a dolphin?
Phantom tadpole style
TV aerial, you're so over.
TV aerial, did you get a redundancy package?
Alan Davies, pickled onion impersonator.
Good luck speaking to a sperm donor. Good luck speaking to a wale.
Seventh Century Armageddon.
Would you like cake cancer?
How much time would you have to suck a cushion before you were brain dead?
Who would you rather sleep with, a lamp-post or a floodlight?
Oh Nando's, you came and you gave, and you sucked my mum.
Don't give away the secret of Jesus being a lesbian.
Ee by gum my mum's a kitten.
As an anthropologist, do you think arms are more important than ants?
If I was a can I'd be better at carrying beans.
Les Dennis, Margaret Thatcher and a horseradish walked into a bar and said, ‘We should have gone to Nando's.'
What B begins with B?
Am I a stereotype of Roland Rat?
I see dead hairs.
As an anthropologist, do you think lungs are more important than sacks of rice?
The cornerstones of humanity are hedgerows.
Did you fuck a ninja when you said you were having a bath?
‘Did you fuck a ninja?' is the question your mum always asks.
Lamp-post, lighten up.
Handjob, Blockjob Pick and Mix.
I raped Princess Beatrice with a barnacle.
Let's make a multimillion-pound donkey out of sand.
Land of hope and wee.
There's a picture of Mother Teresa wanking in your bathroom.
Your mum's on fire today.
Fuck a goat in Asda and lay it on the grass.
Get some love milk in your shorts.
Santa Barbara kitten tits.
Dicks doing puppetry with yourself or bits and bobs for Dagenham? Choose.
Mos Def died, cataracts.
Don't fuck up your vagina with a sand dune.
Let's play Tetris with my own head.
Fuck a goldfish and send it to Mars.
Tourettes, I swear I'm a bin.
Stanley Kubrick is a trapezium.
Sideshow Bob's testicle or your mother's crown? Choose.
Do you think sparrows have chiselled cheekbones?
Ceramic extremists.
Is it a coincidence that bankers rhymes with tankers?
You know Brian Adams? He uses a pillow as a headdress.
I'm a brave little toaster.
There's a salad dressing up as a salad dip.
Platonic Masonic bears.
Satanic botanic bears.
I've got limbs, they're multiplying.
August is burying its head in a sand dune.
August is full of hope, wasps and raspy dogs.
August is pleased to see you.
August is the month of mottled light, scorched roundabouts and Dick Van Dyke.
You're a Creole crayon.
Paul McCartney's a drone.
Nick Clegg - Digging Yourself Out of a Hole with a Straw, illustrations by Boris Johnson.
Ed Miliband - bath toy collective.
At the next election take the first left to avoid the Third Reich and heavy traffic in Swindon.
At the next election turn left to prove manatees and humanity exist.
Have I Got Christmas Trees For You?
And maybe you're going to be the long-nosed ant-eating cat-dog that saves me.
Mother Teresa envelope.
Mother Teresa died in your ovaries.
Scotch egg or bonnet? Choose.
1,2,3, testing testis.
A, B, C, D, Testy.
Nando's can take over my care arrangements.
Don't go on X Factor, go on Woman's Hour.
Follow your mother's dripping cunt.
Follow the bear in a leotard.
Follow the bleeding vagina.
Would you rather have sex with an apricot or a Spanish man called William?
Fuck buddy or a bank manager? Choose.
A bit of rough or a creative genius? Choose.
Would you prefer a wide boy or a wise boy?
What's wider, London Bridge or Aristotle's mum?
What's wider, a band of bits or a band of bobs?
What's wider, a band of brothers or a band of fools?
Shall we talk about banning cancer from Selfridges?
Santa Clause died singing a song about a ladybird called Esther.
Artichoke Worm and the Whale Man.
Apple Care, it's like the Generation Game but with wizards.
Knock, knock, who's there? The back of a room.
Knock, knock, who's there? Kanye West and Taylor Swift having a kiss.
Knock, knock, who's there? A doorknob.
Nando's and the banks are responsible for the global economic crisis.
Nando's died, Argentina killed it.
There's a string quartet loving a dog somewhere in Ipswich.
Clive Anderson died, lactating shepherdess.
Did the ducks vote for UKIP?
I'm a dolphin sensitive dolphin.
Do you want to milk a rabbit?
Do you want to drink the juice of gerbils?
Je m'appelle I'm a social worker's cunt.
All the moths in all of China fucked a goat yesterday.
Stickle Brick penis.
Suck eggs motherfucker.
Knitted social housing.
Lucky ducks!
This is a message for Hitler: Don't shave your own pants.
Thou shalt not milk avocados and rub it in your pants with lime.
Roland Rat Ketchup Monologue.
We're all just talking about apple sin.
Do you want to read about my mother's cunt? It's green.
Who's got a cat sack draped over their vagina?
Did a dolphin have sex in your vagina?
Billy Bragg is not my mother, he's just a dog who likes to wee on the cheese.
Put the gay lord in your socks in your pocket.
I'm just a tiny procrastinating dolphin.
All the clouds in all the skies said, ‘Shut up, fuck your mum.'
Kate Moss lubricant impersonator.
Hands up octopus.
Fail-safe vagina.
Rupert Bear Fondant Fondling Contest.
How many juggernauts came in your mum?
It's OK to put chocolate buttons up your anus.
You're letting Poppy down, she wanted you to be a Liquorice allsort but you're only a strawberry lace.
I'm a little dolphin short and stout.
I'm a dolphin.
Maybe you're going to be the Sat Nav donkey rapist that saves me.
The Rosetta Stone says, ‘I love Lion-O.'
Mind over mongoose.
You are just a donkey's ball sack pulled over the wire frame of a human being.
Would you like to lick out a kitten?
Hello Autumn, rub yourself on my head.
Testicle festival.
I hate the word ‘cum-goblin.'
Manchester mirror ball cock.
I'm a frogspawn disguised as a monkey.
Twentieth Century lido tits.
Dustin Hoffman jigsaw.
Organ Freeman.
I'm an impression of a post-impressionist oppressor.
Ramadan Velociraptor AIDS bank, withdraw your penis now.
Lumpy AIDS.
Dick Dastardly died, shampoo poisoning.
I'm a member of the apocalypse.
And maybe you're going to be the lung function test that saves me.
I've got four languages: Santa, Brady, Cancer and Dogs.
I'm going to have sex with a conker this weekend.
I'm trying to suffocate an alligator but everyone's just bothered about the judo.
The London Olympics raped AIDS.
Babar the Elephant raped himself.
Shine Jesus, shine. Fill your land with Cod Liver Oil tablets.
And maybe you're going to be the Donald Trump lookalike that saves me.
Rusty vagina, get tetanus not crabs.
Romans, Romans, they're coming in your socks.
Chortle in your own vagina.
Sand dune vagina, you're dryer than a crisp.
I heard Nunhead was alive and well and living in Kettering.
Sandy sheep, your lemon grass is flavoured with the cum of your ancestors.
Oh clouds, why are you so gushy?
I would like to hug some molecules tonight.
Happy Hug A Molecule Day.
I hate it when cats come together and talk about Mormons.
Do you want your lamp-post to look like Keats, Benjamin Britten, Derren Brown, Michael Winner or Benjamin Zephaniah?
I might date a ketchup bottle if it had a onesie on.
Would you date Lucifer with a onesie on?
Rigor mortis horse.
Transforming Yourself with a Tortoise
Would you rather have lion tits or baboon tits?
The Great British Flake Off
The Great British Rape Off
Armageddon lesbian.
I love spanking Golden Retrievers.
The ladybirds are on me.
David Cameron - 80% more likely to be a doorknob than a man.
This is a party election broadcast by the Donkey Kong Party.
I can't help falling in buckets with you.
Keep up the good work sun, and you'll get a sticker.
Sun, your optimism is wasted on the wind chime.
Sun, good work on the subtle mood lighting.
Sun, you could make a baked bean and a mouldy Shreddie look splendid.
Hello sun, have you been on sabbatical?
I came, I saw, I whale-cocked it up.
Sperm whales are donating their cocks to seaside animals.
Who turned off gravity?
Shall we discuss Beirut's contribution to marshmallow porn?
Can you do a literary appraisal of Fraggle Rock?
www.thomasthetankengineturnsmeon.com
Don't poo out a poodle. Was it wriggly? Hairy bastard.
Do you want two pairs of poodles and a bucket of rum?
We need to talk about 3D women.
Oh no, I've had an apostrophe.
Oh Lassie, you're so classy.
Somewhere over the rainbow Barry Manilow shot a pig.
Sexy talk costs lives.
I'm at loggerheads with an arrow.
I'm like a teasmaid but unreliable.
My toe has a hidden agenda.
Hijack your own cunt.
Alfa Romeo Dunn.
Run DMC died, hurdling.
Run DMC died, run over.
Please don't throw AIDS down the slides.
Lego Land Windsor, good afternoon. Please leave your pussy at the gate.
Hijack your own toe.
Honeysuckle cunt.
Imagine Keith Chegwin on a hippo.
Listen to the sound of whale sperm in my dreams.
Do you want to shock a porn star called Barbara by juggling on the roof?
Harold Shipman loves you.
Flame grilled Armadillos or teeth? Choose.
Do you want to do a star jump for Africa?
Kettle Lead Vagina and the art of sin. I like it.
Frogspawn kettle lead vagina on toast.
Do you want to marry an experimental donkey?
Chirpse Dan Dare.
Don't have a killer whale, get a Quaker whale.
Who would copy original sin?
Lactate intolerant vegetarian donkey.
Hands up if your dog's got cancer.
Do you need a brown bear crawling around on your uterus?
Cancer of the goatee.
Plain Jane Super-brain ate my mum.
Nando's cares about your life more than you do.
Don't worry, Daryl Hannah needs a step ladder.
You could get a job as folding scaffolding.
I heard there was a vacancy for a speed-boat in Ipswich.
Soon the frogs will come and take Bangladesh out for dinner.
You could retire to the seaside and be a deckchair.
I would be a hurdler but I've pissed myself.
Shall we go nonching? It's like noncing but with lunch.
Daniel Bedding-plant.
Laugh in the face of a hyena called Hitler.
Would you like to live in Michael Aspel's harem or Milton Keynes?
My sister is actually a fridge magnet.
King Arthur was actually a sperm.
Danny Glover has a floppy mind.
Does Nicholas Lyndhurst have a floppy fanny?
I fell over Ipswich.
Lionel Blair has soft butt cheeks.
Cat time passes faster than the speed of bin.
Does light lactate?
Tiny Tim's a benefit scrounger.
Pipe cleaners or AIDS? Choose.
There's too many kettle leads in Cambridge.
Beckett or bears? Choose.
Beaks or bears? Choose.
Would you like to be massaged by lightening?
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make a biscuit cry.
Would you rather run away from Gordon Brown's cum or a lettuce called Arthur?
If you could rape the moon or a Suffragette which would you choose?
The moon is showing up the lamp-post.
Put a barn owl down the toilet to fight acid erosion.
Poppy Harris How to Use Your Limbs Productively School of Foreplay
I fucked a goat in '82 and romans are the best.
Des'ree died, toaster accident.
Oh winter, your mum is a leper.
Bunny gave a parrot a blowjob.
Manchester alfresco afternoon.
God eats fish.
Bangladesh, turn me on.
Do a star jump to save nut jobs in Portugal.
Do a star jump for Africa.
Maybe you're going to be the date rape drug that saves me.
Rodeo vagina and the art of spin.
Rodeo vagina and the art of sin.
Hello powder puff moon.
There's many leaky bears in Sunderland.
Rebecca signed an apricot.
Shatterproof ruler for Lion-O.
The second Cat era.
Leaf through London like a novelette by Frank Skinner.
Garbage pail backwash.
Put your hands on the buttocks of a sheepdog named Lil.
Anarchy cake.
Don King Donkey.
Brian Blessed died, catamaran in the head.
If Jesus were alive today, he'd work for Adidas.
And maybe you're going to be the one that takes me to dancing lessons.
And maybe you're going to be Torvill and Dean's auntie.
Boris Johnson: baby dog.
And maybe you're going to be the bear that saves me.
Caveman pariah on a Saturday afternoon.
Batman broke my spout.
Cat's eyes for vaginas.
Monkey bollocks turn me on.
Normandy Landing or tortoise shit? Choose.
With your donkey in your torso, wash your hands.
Trees, you have got very big heads.
Lamp-post, stop slumping.
TV aerial, get a job.
Meltdown your mum.
Triangulate the universe with a whale's cock.
Trigonometry or whale cock?
More slippery than a snail's cock, larger than a whale's cock - it's a marshmallow cock.
Imagine a snail's cock next to a whale's cock.
Put a whale in the dock.
Whale cock or sundial? Choose!
Whale cock - like a stopcock but on a whale.
Imagine a whale's cock folded into a pitta bread.
The weight of a whale's cock is crushing the mind of an antelope.
The weight of a whale's cock is resting on my thigh.
Lucky you, you've got a donkey to go home to.
Starry, starry sheep paint your pillow blue and grey.
…And bears, 6, 7, 8
Would you like a little girl called ‘Sheepdog'?
Chopsticks' is a good name for a boy.
I'm going to name my child ‘Fruit Bowl' or ‘Bowl Head'.
Just a spoon full of donkey makes your horseradish go down.
And all the bears say, “Large feet!”
And all the bears say, “Norma!”
Comedy Canterbury.
My cabbage patch doll has Down syndrome.
Who loves fashion? Fashion fish.
Dude Where's My Pixie?
Let's get bearsical.
Cry into your Gaylord's pillow.
Oh sunny day, oh sunny day, go and sodomise a rainbow.
I love ketchup on your mum.
You don't need a penis to be a bear.
Hartlepool, where's your heart?
Glass shatters but it never fries.
Who's got more skills, Michael Aspel or a disco ball?
I once fucked a goat called Don and a cabbage called Peter.
Shall we talk about sausage men?
There might be some strobe lighting effects in my mind.
She-Ra is a celebrity.
Robbie Williams died, rancid peanuts.
Help! I might be a sandwich.
Lucky, lucky osteoporosis.
I love GPS pants.
Matthew maypole danced in the nude in '82.
Thatcher's anus and a halogen bulb.
The leaves make the sky into an alligator.
Ken Livingstone and the bearded lady of doom.
Marcia.
Put the floppy fish in the bath.
GI Joe and the forest of bears.
Fantastic Mr Fox died, dangerous Dave Cameron.
Night, night caged monkeys.
My mum just committed a massacre in Hertfordshire.
Make the noise of a chimpanzee having sex with your mum.
Hats off to cancer.
I'm splashy like a dolphin jumping through its own cum.
I'm graceful like a dolphin.
I'm a dolphin!
God says Hi.
Moon, do moons sweat or glow?
Moon, how many tyres are you changing?
Moon, how many tides are you changing?
Moon, shall we knock for cartoon star later?
Moon, did you get fat with the stars?
Moon, did you eat cartoon star?
Laura's not a Catholic, she's a sombrero.
The devil wears Pampers.
Three little birds had three little shits, each had a wooden fart.
Super Pops and the Limbs of Gold.
I found my donkey on top of Blackberry Barn.
Legoland Windsor, welcome to my front bottom.
Knee-high African wizard.
I just can't make myself care about bears.
Would you like to see a bear piss on my face?
James and the Giant Donkey.
Shotgun wedding for a bin.
And I said what about breakfast at Donkey Kong's?
Crime Watch, it's like Spring Watch.
Rummage in a lido with Aristotle's mum.
Fifty Shades of Apricot.
Fuck a badger blue and grey.
Starry, starry horse, paint your biscuit blue and grey.
Do you think God's a Gaylord?
I want to be a hero. I want to be an Olympic bin.
Crystal meth's dagger dog.
I'm going to bake bread with a saw.
Simon and Garfunkel played Tetris yesterday.
Simon Le Bon is a penguin in a former life.
Sexy times with a starfish.
Wasabi Training Scheme.
Help! Astronaut sex.
We're making shadow puppet porn in 3D.
New wave otter rave.
Maybe, you're going to be the bear that saves me.
Harry Potter strikes a blow in his own penis.
Today is going to be the day that your mum says, “I love bears.”
Today is going to be the day that the dog says, “Fuck your mum.”
Dan Dare died, dancing with a biscuit.
Rummage in my interface.
Hands up if your soul's evaporating.
I do amazing things with seals.
Please cut your dick off with a spade.
Growl your owl.
Rummage in your own vagina - look for lovely dogs and crystal meth.
I'm a glove puppet called Astrid Monkey.
I was a bear and then I was a sheepdog.
I was a disco-loving little kid and then I fucked up Godzilla with a teapot.
I've so ovaries.
Strangely, Santa's sperm bank is empty.
I'd like four megabytes of St Petersburg on cassette tape.
Be a spider, fuck a biscuit dressed as a pantomime bear.
Shall we have a quiet moment for donkeys?
Let's play Spider, Biscuit, Bear.
Lactate your day away.
Long willy, dancing in the dark.
Willy Wonka died - nachos.
Run DMC died - running accident.
Hands up if you're shitter than a geranium.
Nancy Dell'olio's office, Ronan Keating's wife Biscuit speaking.
I'm better at squirming than I am at curling.
Nando's Number Five.
Shakespearian Pilates underdog.
Whale cocks make the panthers jealous.
Scotch egg castle and the exasperated carrot.
Don't worry, the cats are managing woodland sustainably.
Don't worry, it's just a cat with an angle grinder.
Naughty Lord Byron is under the sofa massaging himself with a rope from an ancient curtain.
Your hair is longer than a queue in the post office on a Monday.
Your hair is longer than all of Joy Division balanced on the Eiffel Tower.
Your hair is longer than long division.
Your hair is longer than the time it takes to do Sudoku.
Hello cups, I am lining you up for God.
Make your skin crawl with ketchup.
Blonde bombshell Nicholas Lyndhurst.
Oh customs officer you're so handsome.
Operation Desert Storm foreplay.
Nike feather bed Satsuma kiss.
Monty Python loving Taylor Swift.
Oh bears, you're such a drain on society.
Cabbage White butterflies flying in your brain.
What's Rome but a second hand emotion?
Move over desktop computing.
National Dance on the Microwave Day
Pigeon, watch out for hawks.
The Great Pigeon Massacre of 2005.
Have you talked to Thatcher about her arse hair?
Don't take Pocahontas out for a country dancing session in Acton.
I ran into Scooby-Doo's breast tissue.
I ran into Scooby-Doo's arms.
Cat-sick ketchup.
Sadness, madness or cats? Choose.
Kiss goodbye to your biscuits.
Do you love Batchelors Cup a Soup marinating your toes?
Make the sheep wink.
Ironing board of hate.
Oh my gays!
Poppy fucked a goldfish.
Do you want to write, ‘Pencil skirts are for losers'?
I'm transforming myself into a teapot I called Henrietta.
Moon you're a better role model for the lamp-post than the TV aerial
Lamp-post, the moon has better curves than you.
Lamp-post, you'll need to try harder.
Lamp-post, the moon's showing you up.
Live Young, Die Biscuity
Oh lamp-post, sort your bottom out.
Lamp-post put some pants on.
Fix up lamp-post.
Half of my mother is in your bed.
Among these chiming Lidl tills
Walk upon lino stained with sauce.
And did the grass on Windmill Hill bow down to you?
And did the heat in ancient times kill all the dogs in Basildon?
Expect delays - we're buggering sheep in the back garden.
Hello Legoland Windsor welcome to my day
Welcome to Legoland Windsor please insert four bears after the tone.
Welcome to Legoland Windsor please insert Benjamin Britten after the tone.
Ken Livingstone pigeon cull.
Pigeon watch out for hawks.
Don't sniff a pigeon.
I love horse tits.
Socialist Worker hedgehog.
Tell the clouds to put some knickers on.
Lamp-post, you'd look better in corduroy.
Billy Elliot, donkey superstar.
I'm in the mood for sheepdogs and police dogs.
Sign on Jesus' foreskin.
Centipede sex - wriggly.
Flamboyant fucking at a fringe festival.
Sense and Sensibility sucks arse.
Light bulb tabletop over lord.
Night, night chintzy curtains in Kettering.
I love donkey sex.
Hubble bubble, bears and Banksy's toilet roll.
Marmalade Jehovah sheepdog fairy tale.
Joy to the biscuit.
Waste basket, you look like Rapunzel.
Haberdashery donkey fairy tale.
Gaylords dancing on the hot tin roof.
I do rape bears. I do rate bears.
Ballroom dancing wonder dog.
Teenage sex survival party.
I looked a sheepdog in the arse.
Rabies cock, raping squirrels since 1842.
Homeless in a horseshoe.
Poppy masturbated with an ant.
Shoes or booze? Choose.
Man up manholes.
Tupperware, keeping sandwiches crispy for forty two days after the storm.
Poppy Harris disco tits training.
Catapult Armageddon college.
Iron age cabbage patch doll.
Singer Sewing machine to sorting out the world's problems in thirty two stitches.
Tantric sex ginger beer concert in County Durham.
Armadillo teenage masturbation party.
Playmobil donkey or Vodafone lifelong contract? Choose.
If you download seventeen vaginas, would you have more sexy underwear than pillow talk?
How much RAM in a bear?
Timmy Mallet keynote speech, catapult conference ‘42.
Nazi uniform baby grow.
Build a biscuit, put a partridge on the top, fuck a monologue in forty two languages and put Jeremy Scott on the top.
Get a job clouds... drifters.
Mature, sensitive sheep seeks bear.
I was convinced to expose my life to biscuits.
Argos cock pâté.
Gingerbread Aardvark menopause.
Kojack multipurpose pyjama sex.
I'm a bit like hamsters but without the claws.
Caveman catamaran.
Rugby Boys School - Elongating tortoises since 1914.
The nightingale sang in Larkhall Park to signify the start of gang warfare.
Shadow puppet porno.
Big Bird had a cock, Mr Snuffleupagus.
Mother Teresa light fitting, the virgin glow.
Waddle off a cliff.
Straw bail minivan.
Frankenstein's auntie Janice.
Marshmallows weighing scales inspector.
Window, you can do better than the wall.
Your hair is longer than the gap between a dormouse and an eagle.
Your hair is longer than an icicle in an Icelandic winter.
Your hair is longer than an Argentinian snake.
I'm just Googling your mother's centipede.
Celebrate the spirit of the Irish with a dustbuster and a cantaloupe melon.
Your mother's titties are green.
Green is the cornerstone of the rainbow.
Hippos wear green pants.
Greengage or Green Day? Choose.
Happy green sheep on your scarecrow day.
There's a barnacle in your fridge.
I phoned a bin in French.
Nando's pipe work haemorrhage.
We're going to sing a hymn for Felix the Cat at dusk.
Bathroom sealant or shepherds? Choose.
The bread and butter of August is light.
Frogspawn ceiling afterthought.
I love patronising bears. By bears I mean silkworms.
I love gazing at gays.
Comedy cancer.
Nicholas Nickleby impersonator Alan Yentob.
www.hauntcillablack.com
Peter Mandelson fucked a catapult.
Oh heaven is a place on your genitals.
You could hug me or mug me in three days.
Your fuck fucked another fuck.
Thatcher's dick lights up.
Iain Duncan Smith or bitch-slap your bear? Choose.
Iain Duncan Goodhew Smith.
Iain Duncan Smith says, ‘get on the bus.'
Duncan Goodhew or Iain Duncan Smith? Choose.
Iain Duncan Smith, wheelchair user.
Draw on your own life experience.
Iain Duncan Smith hates slippers.
I just woke up in bed with a biscuit.
You could just replace me with a breezeblock.
A Year in Toiletry Town.
Comma removal service, it's like an epilator for a biscuit.
Smash a bottle over my head in a topping out ceremony.
I think you spoke a bit like octopus pussy.
Bonnie bears in day-glo pants.
Kiss Gerry Adams back in the day.
Kiss Bryan Adams back in the day.
Roast beef.
I'm not to blame for Tourettes. I am not blame for being a dickhead.
I wish a biscuit a subtle death.
Are you imminently the father of a fifteen year old boy?
Third degree bins.
Magpies are better than Bryan Adams.
Hello tulips, daffodils are funnier.
Motorway cops on speed.
Wikipedia or bins? Choose.
It's time to dance like Kylie.
Imagine Santa touching your pants.
Capital punishment or sheepdogs? Choose.
Sooty and Sweep prostitution ring.
Sooty and Sweep are gay.
Sooty and Sweep are in the bin, hurrah, hurrah.
Would you let a gay bear into your bed?
Give a Lego man head.
Hampstead tortoise monologue.
My sister raped a flowerpot.
I don't believe in bears, I believe in sandwiches.
Laugh like Lenny Henry came on your face.
That's not even relevant or true or sensible or crisps.
The 8:26 to London Bridge has been shut down by passing angels.
Flat screen nun's stomach - it's like an iPad with a different interface.
Fourteen fantasy bears completed an AQA of bins.
I'm going down on Hitler.
Pissing blood or sawing off your own head? Choose.
Passable partridge.
Albatross vernacular.
Don't drink tea like an alien you fucking sloth.
Don't masturbate the frogspawn.
Don't masturbate the dinner table.
Roland Rat - Wasteman.
Don't slip on the bathroom floor, it's made of octopus skin.
Teenage tornado after party.
Tattoo a basil plant with acid.
Tattoo a basil plant so it looks like a Christmas tree.
Kenneth Branagh holistic bath salts.
Motherfucker Margaret speaking.
I'm amazingly adaptable when it comes to socks.
I've got a dance partner called Michel who throws me around the room in a wet sausage costume.
Antique AIDS.
Touretteshero, changing bears' underwear.
I sausaged Salman Rushdie's donkey.
I've got a present for Hitler - sandwiches.
I'm Ronan Keating's brave little soldier.
I am doing Santa.
The animals went in hand-by-hand, hurrah - because they're all a bunch of gaylords in the ark.
Help! I might have raped a cockerel.
Help! Lion-o raped me.
Lie in wait for Lion rape.
Disco tits united by the square of hate.
I was peer approved by a horseradish.
I'm going to gently kiss a snake.
But a dog's not Christmas.
Do you want to cattle prod Virginia Woolf?
Marmoset.
Oh myself
Luggage dog, mummy bear, biscuity, oh yeah.”
Hampstead heath, Disco-loving Mary Poppins Sheep.
Dancing with sheep in the dark.
Biscuit sheep, young and sweet, only seventy three.
Your eyes are flickering with light and fish.
Happy Herpes and the Alien Venn Diagram
Harry Potter raped himself.
Kum buy a shepherd a waistcoat.
I have bear's cunt, I have a bare cunt, I have bare cunts.
Do you love Laser quest? What about bears?
Take a knife to your foreskin.
Saluting horse, rhinoceros teeth, lactating mum.
Fuck off Lara Croft.
Coasters for Africa.
Blue Peter badges are for dickheads.
Pumpernickel Bear and the Albatross of Mum
How many men have you wooed into bed? Eleven angry soldiers and a parson.
I love hippies in the ground.
How much do you think Poppy looks like a diagram of Alfred Hitchcock's hedgehog?
Have you got green light on your toes and things?
Jeremy Clarkson, speak to ACAS!”
Jeremy Clarkson, banging out cars, programmes and producers since 1982.
Jeremy Clarkson stubbed his toe on the face of his producer.
Zen Mediation hotline, Jeremy Clarkson speaking.
What do you get if you cross Jeremy Clarkson with Magaluf? A punch in the face.
Clarkson is like a hand grenade in a sandwich shop.
Clarkson is a pillar of the community if you think about Mohammed Ali and say it backwards.
Frosty the Snowman is corresponding with his Union.
Bye Bye polar bear.
Yesterday, your parents had sex with bears and braids.
Do you want to talk about cantilever bridges or Armageddon?
Leeds is not a cheese.
Do you want to talk about the gynaecological advantages of AstroTurf?
Break bears not bread.
Break bears not beats.
Club me over the head like a seal pup.
Do you think Carol Vorderman's attractive to William Hill?
Antony Gormley dyed your pubes once.
I love women overreacting in Shakespearian plays.
Cum in a dandelion.
Fuck a dandelion.
Princess Beatrice has a cunt.
Coat your cunt with Creosote bears.
Fuck a chicken in a Batman costume.
Smiley sheep, smiley sheep, your mum's a fucking horse.
I was a replacement for a dead cat.
Silicone implant motherfucker.
Silicone valley motherfucker.
Starship Troopers and the Baghdadian Monks of Doom.
What are we going to do about yourself?
Sandwich dogs with elfin features motherfucker.
I'm just a regular dog food loving teenager motherfucker.
Latvia motherfucker.
Bunny rabbit motherfucker.
Sit-ups motherfucker.
Teenage pregnancy motherfucker.
Oh sandwich bag, oh sandwich bag, your mum loves your dad.
Mummy moonwalked off a cliff.
I love it when a bear comes together.
Gallery motherfucker.
Light bulb motherfucker.
I don't think ketamine is the way forward for your mother.
Fuck a puppet motherfucker.
Rat bags motherfucker.
Pistachios motherfucker.
Armadillos motherfucker.
Sacks of rice motherfucker.
Olive oil motherfucker.
Ronan Keating motherfucker.
Ibiza Freedom Party.
Whistle down the wind motherfucker.
Sand dunes motherfucker.
Bare bears motherfucker.
Smoke alarm motherfucker.
I'm sorry I'm a bear motherfucker.
Gok Wan motherfucker.
I love special needs aliens.
Sand dunes, Scotch Bonnet and a Haribo costume.
Despairing donkey overlord.
I've got ninety nine problems but a bear ain't one.
I'm partially an eclipse.
I breastfed a bear until it was ninety nine.
My sister breastfed fairies.
I love you shape shifting robot.
Mr Otter's in the backroom he's laughing in my bed with his feet tucked under the pillow.
Matthew took a shower with an iguana in 4282.
Will you wear sequined hot pants to the apocalypse?
Les Dennis to isle four please.
No bombing in the swimming pool in Asda.
I'd like to talk about the door of Easter. It's a little door in Ikea next to bins.
Easter eggs often look like Spiderman's vagina.
Totally adjustable legs.
Happy Easter hedge fund day.
Captain Hook died on Easter Sunday.
Drag out Easter with a pair of heels and a bra made of Sellotape.
The Easter bunny loves bows. Tie it over his ears so he can't hear the children screaming.
Happy Easter, have a potato croquette.
Happy Easter weekend, please don't forget to put your tent on the lawn.
Happy Easter weekend, please don't forget to brush your socks yesterday.
Happy Easter weekend, please don't forget to comb your foreskin.
The Easter bunny sprang up and said ‘Fuck Easter'
The Easter bunny is a bit like a brick house in Spain.
You're the donkey that carried Mary.
The Easter bunny has thighs made of acid and Rain Man
The Easter bunny is in fact half oven glove and half centrifugal force.
The Easter bunny is in fact a fish.
The Easter bunny died raping a hedgehog.
Why not rape acid bears?
Why not talk about your mum's pants?
G-Unit whizzed on my mum.
Gee whizz I love talking about ashtrays.
Hug me like Harold Shipman.
Hug me with quicksand.
I've got a mince pie in my baby, Happy Christmas.
Pamper me with pencils.
Pampers for people over thirty.
Tease me with Tantric sex
Tease me with an electric saw
You're Fabio Capello's mum.
I'm crazy about Aardvark tits.
I'm crazy about bins.
Pom-Bears or Acid? Choose.
I love buggering shapes.
Something like a sheepdog phenomenon.
I'm having a Basingstoke appreciation party next August.
Something like a bear's mum phenomenon.
Savage Garden Lucidity Test.
Wimbledon Overacting Society, Kate Moss speaking.
Lactating catamaran aardvark.
I love bears in milkmaids' eiderdowns.
Sit down standing stones.
Fuck a sheep like a vegan.
Rummage in the pants of attrition.
Glow in the dark moon.
James and the Giant Turd
Frosty the Snowman is carrying out essential maintenance on his drains.
Frosty the Snowman is labelling all his files
Frosty the Snowman is sorting through his socks.
Frosty the Snowman is filling in his tax return.
Frosty the Snowman is defragging his computer's hard drive.
Frosty the Snowman is ordering DVD's chronologically.
Lamp-post, don't stop being assertive with the pigeons.
Lamp-post, have you had any water today?
Lamp-post, what happened to not standing on street corners all day?
Lamp-post, I haven't even seen you do any skipping.
Batman, backup your data.
AIDS dustbin Tommy Cooper speaking.
Cage-fighting cheese: Babybel Vs Gorgonzola
Latitude or platitude? Choose.
I'm an analogue porno.
I had a brief affair with Reading four minutes ago.
Outdoor shower for Jimi Hendrix.
Tiredness kills. Kill tiredness.
Play a flute for Palestine.
PayPal-estine
I've got a great voice for yoghurt.
I hypnotised your mum.
Panning for bins.
There's a tortoise cumming on my mum's pan.
MC Biscuit and the Buckfast generation.
Jack Frost put some clothes on.
Who loves Ritalin? Rambo.
Good afternoon Russell Lucas raised by speaking wolves speaking.
Russell Lucas raised by rainbows.
Russell Lucas raised by raisons.
Russell Lucas raised by bears speaking.
Fine Jesus £400 for tax evasion.
Lung Function Test.
Ultimate dayglow gay.
Take a picture of your mum's best friend wintering in Lebanon, naked in a bath.
Frank Butcher, fielding for your mum.
My bonnie lies over Baghdad.
Job lot of myxomatosis.
Happy Lunatic in your Foreskin Day
Seminal sheep. Sentimental sheep.
Carbonated donkey cum please.
Ketamine addicted t-shirt.
www.updateyourdog.com
Give me the singing voice of an angel, but not the life of Charlotte Church.
Multi-facetted tits.
Banksy's cage-fighting your mum's vagina.
Make a porno out of sentences.
I banish you from socks.
Good afternoon, welcome to Babel.
Ostentatious t-shirts.
Empty banks lead to bad politics.
The NSPCC, keeping children, children since 1966. Before then it kept them like dogs.
If you're going to have sex, use a bear.
How many sycophants in Elton John's house?
I have an A* in botulism.
Your sperm bank is empty.
Leah Betts candyfloss stand.
You're like Tom Cruise but without the controversial religious donkey.
Face paint Barack Obama.
Michael Buble died of Han Solo.
There's a scale model of your mum's vagina hanging in the front room of Aristotle's house.
Ketchup loving duck.
All the bears are dead except the one called Fred. He lives at 42 Cromwell Street.
I'm a performing seal called Latitude.
Jim jams for tortoises.
I'm a bit like an Emo Kid but without the interesting emotions.
Blue Muffin Impersonation Scheme, Sesame Wrap speaking.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Bins.
Teenage Mutant Hero Minges.
Fine Jesus £42.50.
What is the biggest problem for women in the 21st Century, Ryanair, wrist watches or Dagenham?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Donkeys, Heroes in a biscuit, fucking sheep.
Your mum is just a git made of donkey tits.
Shall we do a ram raid in Asda?
I'm going to sandpaper my life ‘till it looks like Finland.
Fuck a sheepdog with a window cleaner.
Lamp-post, are you playing hide and seek?
Consider yourself Malcolm X and fuck David in the bum.
Look at the sky and rain down hell on your own penis.
I'm a bit like Baghdad but beige.
Let's get ready to stumble.
Iodine table tennis hedgerow.
Marmalade Marmoset.
Marmoset silhouette biscuits.
I'd like to shit out God.
Who's going to rape a sheep? Jimbo.
Do you want to rape a pigeon with a spectacular bin?
Mysterious goat, I want to sit next to you.
Wide boys or choirboys? Choose.
This is the Winter of your Shit Sellotape Dog
Ribbit or riot? Choose.
If all the phones in China could ring, your mum was a bin.
Gentrified tortoise.
Gangrene foreskin.
Sudoku for angles
Hans Christian Pokémon
Thank fuck for geraniums.
Imagine a world without geraniums.
Your mum's mum: biscuit.
Geranium holocaust
I'm a bit like Hitler but for geraniums.
Grandmas Back to Work Scheme, let them piece together the fucked up nation like it's a four thousand piece jigsaw with a picture
The human species is broken in two. There are too many parts to be put back together sensibly, except by a really intelligent gr
Richard Hammond Brain Injury Centre.
I fucked a kiwi fruit until it died and went to heaven.
Would you like the key to Batman's foreskin?
Giggs better pop up in your mum's mind as an artist.
Joseph's coat was made of Harry Potter's porn.
Don't fuck a bear at a biscuit party, fuck a, fuck, fuck a, fuck a, fuck a, fuck a Nazi.
I'm behaving erratically now.
If you're talking the hardest, don't fuck a sheep with a goat in a glass lift.
Ian Huntley sprinkles.
Do you want to piss out of Fred West's willy?
Richard Gere and the pancake parent.
Richard Gere pancake man.
Richard Gere and the pancake of Armageddon.
You're going to have a rectal examination by a gay man called Babs in fifteen minutes.
I'm a grade three listed sheep.
I'm a fair weather bin.
Bits and bobs for Babylon.
I'm a Roman bin and I like to talk about elephants.
Lamp-post, I see you've slipped back into your sedentary lifestyle.
Lamp-post, lay off the carbs!
Chihuahua, your self-esteem is bigger than your brain.
Bow down to the superiority of a Chihuahua's foot.
There's a Chihuahua at the end of the rainbow.
82% of Chihuahuas know themselves intimately.
Chihuahuas turn fourteen frowns into a model of the Eiffel Tower.
Friday is flipping you an iced finger.
Fuck an elephant disguised as a lamb.
Sexual images of fairies.
Good afternoon Legoland Windsor, Ramadan's spoken for.
Good afternoon Legoland Windsor, please fuck a bear at the gate.
Saint Paul's Cathedral, it's made of Spanish omelettes.
Farting in heaven or farting in hell? Choose.
Would you give Don King your last Rolo?
Happy Nacho on your Forehead Day.
Fuck off saints.
Who killed Osama Bin Biscuit?
Squawk on by.
Who loves peace? Not Margaret Thatcher, she loves pieces of your own body knitted together.
I'd like to point out that bears are better at sex than peanut butter sandwiches.
I hate women having sex with apricots.
Un-invent the apocalypse.
Kyle fucked a little known Liverpudlian actress.
You've been carving your rib into a little boy.
I'm an immediate media horse.
I'm doing Crime and Punishment backwards.
Don't over react God, it's only original sin.
My dad's not here, he's walking around naked in Scotland.
Who loves women? Robert Downey, Jr.
Papa Smurf is rubbing himself on your bed.
I took the piss out of a bin once when it laughed at my mum's cunt.
Do embroidery on the butt cheeks of a bear.
Diplodocus porn.
Didactic porno.
I'd like to have sex with an envelope of skin.
I'm high-tech like Argentinean street wear.
Abu Hamza sheepdog fairytale.
Would you like fourteen tons of fried rice on your bed?
Piano practice now.
I love Aristotle's cunt.
Dubstep is the same as The Sopranos.
I'd like Ronan Keating's heart on a steak.
The clouds are cumming all over your horse.
Imagine my parents were optical illusions made out of glass, faries and broken promises.
I'm going to glaze a wormhole with fibre optic cable.
Pass the fairytale princess to the left hand side.
Who gang raped a dog? Women.
There's a shit lamp-post in Peckham, tell the tailors of Ipswich.
The periodic table is for losers.
Otters are so edgy in bed.
Who's more edgy, Harry Potter or a paedophile?
Hans Solo Centre for Masturbation Excellence.
Wimbledon Over actor's Society, Hugh Grant speaking.
I know Batman intimately, he's my father's father.
Fuck Thatcher in a care home in Essex.
Before Winston Churchill there was a robin called Bin who sat on top of the Albert Hall knitting a scarf for Thatcher.
I'm sorry but I died my pubes bearish.
Patter cake, patter cake, bake a sheep. Fuck a Great Dane in Baker Street.
Who let Kula Shaker out with the icing sugar?
I've got a Petri dish with your mind in it.
God's cum over the earth.
Out of the woods and into the bins.
The Case of the Miss Fired Toad.
Fresh Prince of Belsize Park.
Hands up if you had a bath with a worm this morning.
Malcolm's forty two per cent car bound.
Desperately Rubbing Ronan Keating's Ball.
Now we're going to teach you about fucking a sheep dog in Argentina.
I want to kill myself because I love Michael Heseltine.
Uh oh, your mum's in trouble, Ben's got a worm in his vagina.
Where are you going on Doomsday?
Piracy's only theft if you're a horse.
Piracy's not really theft.
I'm going to join the Olympic rowing team as an astronaut.
Hands up if you're a pillar of strength.
Bashment side salad.
You have two eyes, four heads and a bear.
You've got the toes of a bear, the mind of Aristotle, and the lung function of an Iguana taking crack.
Donkeys see the light in every corner of the room.
Listless orange llamas.
This is my fat friend Diana Dors.
Would you rather eat Upside-down Cake or Bakewell Tart with your head in your mum's vagina?
Gym buddy with Hitler.
Jackson Pollock splatter painting starter kit.
Jackson Pollock Appreciation Society, Roundabout Nursery speaking.
Apple bobbing for Aristotle.
Poppy's a sequin serial killer.
In the Night Garden Ronan Keating flashed his underwear.
Sequin corpses scattered in the hallway.
Elephants turn their noses up at sex.
Who's your favourite burden, me or your privileged upbringing?
I ruled out Lion-o as a fuck buddy.
Tony Hart died of an art attack.
Let's invade France using only Brazil nuts and asphalt.
Save all the hippies for the invasion of France.
Rich people eat fish fingers too.
Tony Hart has to put a marquee in his mind to house all his ideas.
Who wants to marry a centaur?
I could be a Paralympian if there was an event for lying on your back wriggling round like a cheap monkey.
Paralympian John o' Groats.
Saturday afternoon, sex with a bin.
Mulled wine, mulling your thoughts over, or a biscuit? Choose.
Chaperone or shotgun wedding? Choose.
Ablators or plasterboard house? Choose.
Jade Goody School of Speech and Drama
Iridescent Mum Calpol Hotline.
Headscarf or Hitler? Choose.
The inflatable bear four hundred meter hurdles.
I'm going to compete in the Olympics as a sand dune.
Shall we volunteer Basildon for the pole-vault?
There's a thunderbolt poking your mum in the ribs.
Wastebasket, are you sitting in the corner minding your own business?
Mirror plated dolphin.
Al Murray wants your vote more than he wants a tortoise.
I hate it when you wake me up to talk about smiling at goldfish.
I hate it when you wake me up to talk about Kate Bush's eyes.
I hate it when you wake me up to talk about kettle leads.
I hate it when you wake me up to talk about cormorant feet.
I hate it when you wake me up to talk about crows feet.
Imagine a skiwi fruit, it's like kiwi fruit but in salopettes.
Put the piano on my head and leave.
I've got someone impersonating a fireman playing the piano in the bedroom.
If you were making a stack of shortbread would you use flour or lizard cream?
I'm a business bin.
The light bulbs look like pervs but are less interesting.
I love bears' bottoms rubbing on my cheeks.
Do you know the PIN number for my mum's sheep?
Roman Keating, he's like Ronan Keating but ancient.
Traffic light Lap dance Appreciation Society.
The Big Society, chaperoning Hitler.
The Big Society is tory code for, ‘Fuck the bin men.'
The Big Society = I hate kids.
Disco penguins dancing in your dreams.
Sexy satsuma sat nav.
5D porno of eggplant rape.
Karma Sutra illustrated by Asterix.
I love sunbeams making ice poles drip.
I love sunbeams roasting a pig.
Friday is spooning Saturday.
The sun and the moon went on the Jeremy Kyle Show last week.
The sun has got his dick out and is playing with your mum's hair.
The sun has got his dick out, hip, hip, hip, hooray!
Do you prefer spring, autumn or a sheep called Baklava?
The government says, Sit in the corner, cry quietly and pray for an asteroid to hit earth.
Space race or bike race? Choose.
Britain's Gone Blank.
Saturday Afternoon Shopper Superstar.
Would you like to compete in the Olympic exercise bike four hundred meters?
Ready, Steady, Fuck an Olympian.
We should electronically tag all goats, Sunday school teachers and Latvians.
The mattress likes it rough.
My mattress called the Samaritans five years ago.
My mattress is like an abused partner.
I think walls might be the cause of global warming.
Lamp-post, defend yourself.
Lamp-post, you've never seen a lamp post on X Factor.
If you were a wall, would you go on Britain's Got Talent?
Walls, you just stand around in the corner.
Make a sperm castle mixed with sand.
Who needs walls except people on beaches in Devon?
Shut up walls, cocky cunts.
Iguana charity telethon forty-two.
Lego Porn Barbie's beach house.
Turin test or urine test? Choose.
Eternal Shopping of the Sing-Song Mind
Snuggle up with sheep, camera obscuras and an ashtray.
Cookie dough or cum bucket? Choose.
I'm at war with the walls now.
Hats off to the wall.
Sing a lullaby for a robin with me.
Rigor mortis Pony and the Unicorn of Hate
The Metropolitan Police, gold medal in kettling.
Curling or kettling? Choose.
Would you go to the ball with a futon?
Casting aside your heritage - now or later?
Would you rather date a doorframe or a hedge?
Feather bowers or farting? Choose.
Shadow puppets or AIDS? Choose.
Piss off parsnip.
Carroty cunt.
Man up root vegetables.
I love bears in World War Two uniform.
Lamp-post, get the pigeons to fit an extractor fan.
Wilson the Butler and the Broom Cupboard of Hate.
Which is easier to potty train, a Centaur or a senator?
If all the hoofed animals could count there wouldn't be a banking crisis.
I don't believe in flying squirrels, I believe in landing dogs.
Who copywrited original sin? Biscuits.
Down on Dappledown Farm there's been a massacre.
Which has a longer shelf life, Carol Vorderman or olive oil?
Shut up lamp-post, I haven't even got my eyes open and I know you're being a dick.
Even if I was desperate I wouldn't suck-off a sooty owl.
Dear father, I'm sorry you're a lemon.
Lay down Jeremy Kyle and die.
Britney Spears or Bagpuss? Choose.
Who's your favourite capital punishment?
Only bears should have fury bums.
There's a class system in the alphabet.
All the capital letters of all the capitals sang a song about goat sex yesterday.
Ice cream empire from a distant past.
Glaze your home with mongoose skin.
Put Ed Balls on top of Parliament and watch him swear.
Underwear Overlords.
If you could talk mummy into being a biscuit or a bear, what would you choose?
Ratatouille Tabletop Afternoon.
Wimbledon Rifle Club - shooting tennis players since 1966.
Garry Glitter School of Nightwear.
How many light bulbs watch me get changed in my bedroom?
Emily Pankhurst and the Batman school of thought.
1.2 million apricots were bred for slaughter.
Give Cherie Blair a vol-au-vent of cum and a Blackwell Tart.
Mandatory orthopaedic surgery for ants.
Compulsory sinner school.
Jack and the Beanstalk Apricot Delivery Service.
When sequins loose their sparkle they lie on the bathroom floor.
The bathroom is where sequins go to die.
Who's going to indulge in Lion rape?
Don't swear at the tree top, swear at the tree root.
Do you want to take bins to Africa?
Shut up TV aerial.
I'm going to give your dog a bin, a pair of Topshop pants and a tornado.
Nighties for bins.
Shall we go skiing in Africa?
Don't fuck up the cheep sheep.
Life at the Donkey Kong Sanctuary.
If you were shoving a duck through a wall would you grease it or cover it in bees?
It's inappropriate when ducks talk about the holocaust.
Imagine a guy in a 14th century door costume.
Sick as a parrot in a kiwi fruit's arse.
Your nipples are more glorious than a Swiss Army knife.
Your nipples are like bananas in the morning.
What if your cock had wings?
What if your cock was a budgerigar?
I sucked a sailor's windpipe.
Put a cat inside a dachshund it would be more interesting.
www.ticklemichaelaspelsfeet.com.
Fryer Tuck's underwear was battered.
Biscuit She Wrote. Murder She Fucked.
There might be bins in Beirut this Christmas.
Johnny Vaughan made hiccupping illegal in Scotland.
Would you prefer a wale's cock or an aardvark vagina?
Would you rather have a Care Bear cunt or an evangelical Christian cunt?
Fuck off barn owl. Fuck off eagle. Fuck off raven.
Aristotle handed down a life sentence to penguins.
468 Doberman drive-by.
436 shuttlecock of hate.
Masterchef.
If you don't fuck a goat in a park with a brass bit you're an idiot.
Bovine Bond girl.
www.ibuyanyhorse.com
If you're farting the hardest, just pop your eyes out with a narcissist.
Iron Age AIDS.
This is not a circular, this is a death sentence for pigs in Farnborough.
Forty two inch win.
Tardis or tourniquets? Choose.
Teletext of tourniquets? Choose.
Sat Nav or Global Developmental Delay? Choose.
Dusty Bin's retired to Magaluf.
Don't shatter the sound barrier with your mind.
Who loves bear hunts? Roman catholic priests and Nicaraguan school children.
I shaved an elephant in the middle of the night.
My mum's a mint.
A videotape of the Norman Conquest in 5D.
Manky Men 5
How to stain a window brown.
Three Tornados and a Little Sheep
Who's going to bury an armadillo in my mum's back garden?
If you're talking the hardest, just roll over and spark out in Argos.
At the next biscuit it will be four o'clock.
Tupac fucked Dave Cameron.
Petuli raised me.
Chernobyl toaster.
Cry sheep rape.
Do you want to fold up Aristotle and put her in your pocket so you're more intelligent than an aardvark?
Operation Capitalism is bad for everyone.
Operation Horse Radish Underwear is bad for you.
Congratulations on your own cunt.
Don't chuck a dog out with your mum's cunt.
Scoot over cheese.
Save all your donkeys for sex with an aardvark.
Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, gigolo to the stars.
Save all your shitty underwear for Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen.
Save all your chickens for Bangladesh.
Save chickens for Ronan Keating's mum who sadly died in forty two.
Shave all your sheep for your mum's best friend.
Shave all your sheep for figs.
I'm sorry I thought my mum was a dog.
I fucked a sheep in forty two ways and then your mum got AIDS.
Yesterday your mum sucked Gordon Brown off in Argentina's playground.
Your mum is unforgettable. Your mum is forty two percent forgettable. Your mum is so forgettable.
And when two lovers shag, the energy and nitrous oxide rains on bears.
Loitering with intent to feel up your mum's bin.
Fuck off lamp-post, you look like a small prostitute.
Tiscali Broadband, intimate man speaking.
Henry's Cat or porn? Choose.
I'm going to flash mob a fishnet stocking factory in Argentina.
Wanking or bus passes? Choose.
Do it yourself foreskin.
Do you want to imagine a bear having sex with a keyboard?
I walked out of a sheepdog into the moon.
Dog king, sperm dog, fuck a shit.
Get a tattoo of a donkey doing a headstand on Forrest Gump's forehead.
Is Terry Nutkins a wastegash?
Fuck a snowman.
You've got a heaped teaspoon of cum running down your bum.
Dusty Bin died, cat AIDS.
Take a rabbit into an air raid shelter and fuck its floppy ears.
Do you want to risk assess your own legs?
Malcolm buried the bread knife in the horse's chest.
Willy Wonka's donation toilet.
Zac Efron, Mars Rover 4.
Put a toilet roll in your mouth.
You're a Lemsip on the loo.
He's got your mum's vagina in his hand and he's rubbing it with Marmite and tinsel.
Would you rather be a conjoined twin or a tennis player?
I love lactating tennis players.
Child Chasing Seagulls in 1982, Before Gang Warfare.
Did you talk about the shortage of donkeys in forty two?
International Dog food Awareness Week, Richard Hammond speaking.
Romans had AIDS forty two years after the storm.
Handover Andover.
National Slipper Day
Charlie Brooker died, histrionic head teacher from Atlanta.
Happy Ignoramus in your Penis Day.
Alien flavoured dog fart.
I'm a sexy pair of dog bollocks.
EastEnders or spoon benders? Choose.
Naked Roman army doing a headstand on Hadrian's Wall after having sex with an otter.
What's more productive, landing a plane or landing a date with Adam Sandler?
Heart attack or heart beat? Choose.
Ambidextrous organ donation or farting? Choose.
What's more predictable, banking or fucking Care Bears?
Shakespearian afterthought.
Rambo's a disco denier.
www.readysteadyswearatdaddysdick.com
www.daddysbigfloppycock.com
What colour is Bagpuss's cunt?
You've got an evangelical cunt.
We're having a tit disco.
I see dead sequins everywhere.
Florid ambidextrous horse.
You can measure the head of an ostrich but you can't measure the head of a bear.
Braise a steak in Buckfast.
I'm going to do a line dance about shapes.
Your mother has got scaffolding all up her groin.
Hello stealth post.
Oh lamp-post, discretion is your middle bin
Let's go Christmas Carol Vorderman singing.
Christmas looks wistfully at biscuits.
Happy recycled Christmas joy.
Sky, you look better with my eyes closed.
Sky, the Expressionists would be disappointed in you.
Could you use Nelson's column as a comma?
I hate the way lamp-posts laugh sarcastically at cheap sheep.
The lamp-post is smiling sarcastically again.
The fucking lamp-post is Alfred Hitchcock's twin.
Roll the cat up in the mat and sent it to the Philippines to be made into a toga.
Can you fuck my mum with a windmill?
The lamp-post is impersonating Hitler again.
Put Peterborough out the cat flap.
Your mother has a fish in her shoe.
Put St. Petersburg out for the night.
Do you get eaten if you give a bear a blowjob?
I'm a tracksuit training scheme.
Fuck off arrogance.
Who wants to rhyme love lives with dead dogs?
Who wants to rhyme David Cameron with slime?
Who wants to roll off AIDS and have a picnic?
David Cameron cum crime.
David Cameron ambassador for hate.
David Cameron, soak up some sense and drain it out of your own head.
Kum buy Bangladesh a hanky my Lord.
David Cameron and Thatcher had a transplant of forty two AIDS babies.
David Cameron, dance on the dawn of your death.
David Cameron's balls look like your mum.
David Cameron ate my fairytale.
David Cameron made Nicki Minaj wet herself.
Think of every single sheep that's ever died.
Everyone has a penis Pa, a penis Pa, a Pa with a penis.
Vagina mum, vagina mum, everyone has a vagina mum.
I'm three individual Tories trying to rob the state of its wealth.
Have you thought about sarcastic elbow-dancing today?
I'm a Tricera-Tory-Con
I'm more edgy than a Singer sewing machine in an ostrich feather factory.
Who's more edgy, the Tin Man or an oven glove?
Who's more edgy, Milton Keynes or asphalt?
Who's more edgy, Lion King or Barbara Windsor?
The sky is pregnant with a lot of non-identical snowflakes.
The sky is blank like a Blankety Blank chequebook and pen.
My head's as empty as the Bank of England.
How many numbers in the alphabet?
Lamp-post, you look very pretty with your white hat on.
I am tackling your mother with my pants.
Quick, go home bird, put a hat on.
Congratulations ancient sky on producing so many frozen particles.
Lamp-post, if you get cold you can come into my bed.
Good night nineteenth century brickwork.
Is it illegal to flirt with lamp-posts?
Do you want to give Pocahontas a t-shirt?
You know Kilimanjaro's got a nipple piercing in its elbow?
Ayatollah Yam.
There's a miso factory in my hand.
The Vagina Horse Talking About Bins Monologue
Nando's sent you a bill for patchwork in d minor.
I'm just a poor pea from a poor Piña colada shop.
It's Take your Wheelchair to Work Day.
I can't see over the parapet of pillows.
Shambolic tree, are you a symbol of hope or a symbol that the world's fucked off with my mum?
Shambolic tree, sometimes I think you symbolise me and sometimes I think you're just a tree.
My thoughts have squared up with my voice and decided to flee.
Fuck off lamp-post, who said you could stand there?
I'd make a thousand children have better lunchboxes tomorrow.
If I could make a thousand bins talk about a lion I wouldn't bother.
The tree spends all day moving and never gets anywhere.
The tree isn't waving at you, it's drowning.
I feel sorry for the tree when its branches bash itself.
I'm being moved by a force as powerful as the wind but less interesting than a complex tie-dye t-shirt.
I wish I was being jiggled by the wind and blown backwards and forwards by an understandable force.
My mind is present but my voice is a shuttlecock in a badminton match between God and an ambassador of whale's cocks.
You faded seventies puzzle book.
The rain is splatter painting with the water from the sea.
Lie down in your blanket under your blank walls, pretend you live in Hackney when you really live in Hemel Hempstead.
If you have blank walls, does that mean your mind is blank?
The cum glistening on the mouth of a whore is like a droplet of rain running down the elbow of my window.
The fairytale university, that's where the Tories haven't fucked it up.
The bashing branches of a boring sycamore on a night in December, give way to a fairytale universe in January.
Clouds, stop fucking with the tree.
You'd only need to be battered with the broomstick of Bangladesh and then you'd be a dead man.
Fuck off sky, you're a maiden with a thousand bedknobs.
Fuck off lamp-post - shining light into my womb.
Droplets of rain lining up on my window to sparkle in the night.
In the bleak midwinter, Corn Flakes is not a substantial breakfast.
Good afternoon you dense sky of milk.
Before Hovercraft there were four Avon ladies who carried people across the channel on their stomachs.
Cover up Pamela Anderson.
I'd like someone to stop playing Cat's Cradle on me.
There's a squirrel of salvation but it's too busy collecting nuts for winter.
Is it easier to wind up Billy Connolly or Margaret Thatcher's vagina?
My cunt's not wining, it's dead.
Can we have a moment of stillness for baby otters in the Far East?
Apple Toe Survivor's Afternoon.
My thoughts thought better of arguing with a bear.
Why am I worrying about the global economic crisis in the forty two hours between not being awake and being asleep?
Hannibal Lecter sleeps under my bed. It's like bunk beds.
Gordon Brown alienated beef burgers.
Bench press for Hitler.
If I could make bins talk about lions I wouldn't bother.
Let's queue up like we're about to perform River Dance, but then just sit down and have a conversation.
There's a Brian Air flight to Cambridge going off from Banksy's bedroom now.
Angelic Boys Ambassador Training Program, Daryl Hannah speaking.
Angelic Boys Ambassador Training Program, Poppy Harris speaking.
Fuck off Andrex puppies.
Blue Moon, you fuck a goat's cheese sandwich inside an aardvark.
Tortellini Tortoise and the Great Bucket Famine of Forty Four.
I'd like Harold Bishop to cum in my mum's face.
Alien Velociraptor House Party
You didn't rub down a Bart Simpson look-alike with a flannel.
I need to talk about a tattooed aardvark called Pete.
What was the dog called? Keith. He was famous for raping an anaconda in Sainsbury's.
I can't abide language problems in bears.
There's an erect biscuit in your potty.
I'm sorry but I farted in a goat's testicles.
Rothko is overrated, he should have painted butterflies on his penis.
I can only hate Cambridge Heath if I accept it exists.
Do you prefer erect nipples, erect penises or erect tents?
I think I might have a tennis racquet made of sponge cake for Africa.
Am I a broken Transformer or a ball of catnip?
You're banging harder than your mum on the door of heaven.
How many light bulbs watched you get changed? All of them.
Light bulbs are perverts.
Fashion a snail into a survival kit.
Unicorns make squirrels and ladybirds look like survivors of the Crimean War.
Unicorns blow Harry Potter out the window.
I've never thought about Aladdin sexually.
Fuck an elephant with an orang-utan glove puppet.
Sandpaper, sausages and Sellotape make a breakfast for a king.
Who tipped Rambo over the edge? It was Gloria Hunniford.
I'd like Morgan Freeman to be more sensitive to the needs of a bear.
I'd like a moment with a pigeon called Pete.
Caress my thighs with Marmite.
Lamp-post stop ignoring me and fuck your dad.
Lamp-post, you're invading my personal space.
Lamp-post, the trees laugh at you because you're short.
Lamp-post, why are you loitering?
Lamp-post, stop glowing ostentatiously.
Yesterday, I fucked an earlobe.
Yesterday, banana muffin tops seemed so far away, and now they're rising up over your elderly cotton pyjamas.
Yesterday, all the hats in Argos went to bed in your mum.
Yesterday, Roman Catholic priests seemed so far away, praying on your mother's bears.
Yesterday, all the shits in Bournemouth said hello to you.
Humiliation killed the cat.
Keith Allen and the Doberman of Despair.
Alien Velociraptor Dog's Home.
I'm puzzled about Armageddon.
God loves puzzles.
I'm a toolkit for being twee.
I'm sorry but I'm still using fucking keys.
If you got raped by a biscuit would you tell anyone?
In my behaviour contract I'm going to say I'm a Gaylord fourteen times a day.
Igloo survivor's kit.
Cameron cuts out cake.
The motorways are made of sponge cake.
Floral Fabrics Ambassador Training Program, Barbara Hepworth speaking.
Calcutta rosewater dog.
You can look through my life like it's tracing paper but all you can see is Romans.
I wove your heart with Buddy Holly's mum.
Trace the outline of your mum's dog on a piece of paper, roll it up and you'll see your future.
The height of fashion is history.
Massage a Matalan bed.
Night, night lightening.
I came, I saw, I knocked a dog over.
Slow down Mother Teresa.
I looked at a picture of Billy Elliot and howled with laughter.
I walked through the eye-shadow valley of dogs.
Bounce Mother Teresa off a trampoline in Hartlepool.
I've got forty bare bears.
Ipswich!
Rotherhithe Tunnel Ramblers Association
Rinse out Mother Teresa.
Ben 10 Architectural Awareness Week
Rambo road sex.
Cambridge Circus is a bin.
Happy Birthday Jean-Luc Picard.
Re-defend Essex.
Let a sheep dog show you its willy.
I do Reiki for zombies.
Alice in Wonderland crapped her pants.
Duracell Bunny died, rat poison.
Moon, have you been rubbed by the bottom of a bear?
Fizzy-moon.
Alka-Seltzer-moon.
Refresher-moon.
Poppy and the moon mooned Elvis.
I have a cunt and it's all over Basingstoke.
Smashing Pumpkins died smashing pumpkins.
Jesus' hands touched your mum's pinkie.
Ancient vagina monologues.
I sucked the fun out of the moon.
Ant and Dec raped a set of teacups.
Maureen Lipman died, Manchester ate her.
I spelt you up.
Arise you gallant bin.
I'm stuck down forty-two wells.
Onomatopoeia of principal.
Don't throw Aristotle out with the bathwater.
I'm as helpful as a lizard with a landmine.
Is that a kitten or sheep? Oh, it's a bear.
Gordon Brown won the sack race.
Bike your way to Boris Johnson's house.
Do not attempt to scale the bear.
The wind is jiggling the tree. Tourettes is jiggling me.
Octopuses multiply in Magaluf.
Roll up Britannia in a carpet and bury her in Hastings.
I have a whimsical attitude to horseradish.
Matthew is talking about Ronan Keating in his sleep.
Ronan Keating is talking about you in his sleep.
I love training trainers to be apricots.
Help, there's the golden arches of shame.
This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special, like an angel or Gaby Roslin.
Ramadan and Heathcliff eloped inside a king.
Michael Jackson's haunting McDonald's play centres up and down the country.
Cat Deeley died, bouncing on stage with a mongoose.
Roman Velociraptor Training Scheme, artichoke speaking.
I fucked aliens with a straw.
I wrote off a biscuit.
Happy Christmas is a massive cunt.
Ewok snot.
Fuck It, Buckets and Automobiles.
Do you think octopuses are Ketamine cum?
Barbados Vagina Travelodge
Roman centurion pigs.
Moon sheep, I'm over the moon sheep.
I've got a secret plan to be a wizard called Alfred.
I'm like an Aero Bar injected with insulin.
Lassiter's Hotel Complex, Craig David speaking.
Don't have a lizard baby.
Do you think I'm a cunt? Answer in twenty-two sentences.
Inject me with a dose of diabolical dung.
What's the matter with the geranium?
Never parachute out of a plane without a cat by your side.
How many chocolate bunnies does it take to fill Daffy Duck's foreskin?
I've never thought about Orville while making a cat.
Swear at your inner peanut.
I'm thinking about becoming John Cleese.
Can you teach Shakespeare to a rat?
I love the way Sophie Dahl makes cake with her own porridge tits.
Float a cat on the stock market.
I'm going to fight strawberries on the beaches.
Neve Campbell is a bee.
Batman's made of resin.
I love a hug from a fish.
In the beginning there was a fish and the fish said “Let there be light,” and then there was a fish saying “Let there be light.
I'm glad a fish died over Michael Jackson's head.
Witness protection ladybird.
Mosquito Urination Scheme
The inventions you never knew you needed: fairies, cake stands, catapult dogs, Roger McGough.
Shall we get a skaghead in to paint the walls?
Strike David Cameron off the list for heaven.
Hello strips of light, you might be in my mind, or in my imagination, or in a bear's bedroom.
No one knows about the lighter side of lettuce.
There's a coat hook in heaven for you.
Donny Osmond's buried under the asphalt of trance.
Wave your eyelashes at a peanut butter sandwich.
Happy Grams, they're like anagrams but made of smiles.
What's Lion O contributing to elephant tits?
Help! I'm drowning in an acre of piss.
Bobble hats for Bosnia.
Fibre Optic Angel in Disguise
In the bleak midwinter, frosty sheep were known for fucking lions.
No dinosaurs died.
Catapult your Care Bears over the edge.
Alastair Campbell Apathy Training Centre
Glow worms glow up.
Shake and Vac and Put the Best Bears Back.
Wrap up Christmas and send it to somewhere that needs it more.
I'm precariously balanced on a teapot.
I'm going to talk about alien Velociraptors in forty-two languages.
Do you want to chat shit with Elvis?
I'm amazed to say I'm a little bit like a lizard can't cock cunt.
Brush Tori Amos.
Furtive Furtis and the Fishes.
95% of heads are made of fur.
I'm a Masonic lodger.
I'm a guide dog for Marilyn Monroe.
Do you mind that I'm Dave Cameron's mum?
Don't head-butt the egg.
Tie a porno over your head.
Ice cream donkey shower, on the feast of Stephen.
I have a cunt made out of Harry Potter's hair.
Shine a light in every corner of your mum's bedroom.
The sheep are dying, we don't care enough for the foreskins.
If you're a sausage and you know it, suck your hands.
Suck out your body and see.
I saved a cat from munching pussy and a horse from thirty-two bears.
The lamp-post's mother is made of clay.
Hands up if you've had a wet dream about fish.
Bob's your uncle, mum's a bean.
In the beginning, there was a bin and the bin said, “Rome” and Rome said, “Fuck off.”
Suck your own dick through a straw made of grass.
I'm wanking and spanking a Don King lookalike from '94.
Steel Toecap Wizards and the Aardvarks of Sin
I'm a forty-two-leaf clover.
Humming birds, humming birds, wherefore art thou bastards?
Lazyboy's are bad for sheep.
I fucked Jeremy Irons with a toothpick.
Taser.
Happy Dance on your Deathbed Day.
I'm going to investigate hedgehog porn.
Ready, steady, swear at the Cabbage Patch doll talking about sheep.
I'm a little bit like cheetah shit.
All I need is your hair tonight.
Yesterday, rubber bullets seemed so far away.
Pedal bin Electronica.
I'm a Sellotape dog, fuck me up the bum.
Who loves sticky buns? Romans.
Yesterday, all your troubles seemed so far away. Now they're sitting on their laurels in a Stansted parking bay.
You have a leg.
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away. And then I sat on Billy Connolly's lap.
I think Bobby Davro's got Madeline McCann.
There's a cat in the garden called Barbara Windsor crawling around on its hands and knees.
And all the bears in Artful Dodger's videos are shit.
Bounce on Barack Obama.
Write on Rigid Roger's back.
I'm so excited about seeing ‘Ketchup in the Wind Four'.
I'm failing to be a butterfly.
Disability Advice Christmas tree.
I raised a chipmunk to eat crisps.
I'm in the mood for soft porn and frogspawn.
We're going to watch ‘Juggernauts Eat Crisps Two'.
Rockabye aliens on the satellite dish of Norma Major's house.
God's a badman.
Morning Ryanair flight to Aristotle's cunt.
There's a beaver in my bum writing an essay about dogs.
Who smeared Vaporub in the sky?
There's a river running though my mind, its name is Roger.
Dear Brain, why do you hate me?
Don't cry for me Garry Glitter.
Cowpat Survivors Day
Masturbation Heritage Centre
I'm leading a double life as a catapult.
I'm leading a double life as a sheep.
I'm leading a double life as an eggplant.
Bins behaving badly.
I'm a mish mash horse.
Apricot Dalmatians from Nova Scotia.
Good morning albatross around my neck.
Are you respecta-bin?
Rustling leaves or elephants? Choose.
Sea, you're as rhythmic as the rain dripping down a cow's nose.
Roll back the ocean and dance!
I can see you waving, sea.
Hello seals - do you sing seal songs to the stars at night?
Stay on the plane, wings.
19% of penguins fly EasyJet.
Hello clouds I'm coming to get you.
Alan Hanson's flying the plane.
Put a pickle under your tits and pray.
Spur of the moment horseradish.
Academic angels or fish? Choose.
Cockadoodle Shoes.
Pat Sharp died, hiccups.
Robots in disguise (as mums).
Happy swearing at the moon morning.
If your kitten has a revolver then you're dead.
2 Step survivors afternoon.
Billy Goat Gruff Survival Afternoon, Harrison Ford speaking.
I'm a pissing parent of a pin.
I could get forty light sabres and turn them into cocks.
Swear at several foreskins.
Don't stand on me Argentina.
Ice cream Christmas donkey farm.
Ice cream donkey show on the feast of Stephen.
Alice in Wonderland wet her pants and said goodbye to the circus.
Who's got apple pie parents?
I Romaned-up Rome.
Roman Velociraptor Donkey Kong Drinking Scheme
I'm going to give up my bed for a bear.
Ryanair is broken.
Where do you stand on crisps?
There's too many broken brackets in the world - too many brackets broken in two.
Electoral reform or bins? Choose.
Roman Velociraptor alien bed-breath.
Having a little bit of Paul in your life makes everything fourteen percent more nice.
International Biscuits on your Head Day
Donkeys dancing in art.
Sellotape your mum to your dog.
Aggie Boyfriend and the Biscuit of Brian.
Masturbating ants go to heaven.
Boofington-by-proxy.
I had a face off with an omelette in 1946.
There's too many broken horseradish dogs in the world.
I fucked up a goat for your mum.
If you're whisky and you know it, fuck a bear.
Help! I'm stuck in a nightmare in the fifties.
Send out an emergency flare for the bin bags.
Gravity stole your lungs.
I'm a pillow whale.
I thought Rachel Stevens might have a bin.
Rubber band Allergy Scheme.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Horse Poo
Archbishop Desmond Donkey Dick.
I kicked King Arthur out of bed.
It's a long way up Horseshoe Tit Hill.
Roman Godzilla Guides.
Shatter the glass of sorrow with a ping-pong ball.
I walked though the valley of worms talking God into basketball.
You know Batman's a lesbian?
I fucked a dog called Bin round the back of the head.
Romans, countrymen, Happy Meals.
Who loves the Grand Union Canal? Edgbaston.
Happy Rabbit Reversal Week.
Good morning rigor mortis.
If you had a tranquiliser garter, would you put it on a banker or a bin?
Hands up if you might be a happy egg.
Don't bother trying to save the planet, just save Wales.
You're like a cardboard inner tube for Michael Aspel.
There's a little bit of light between your eye and your piss and it's called Samuel L Jackson.
Happy Birthday. My gift to you is a bin.
Who can swear at the most trees?
Wolverine died, tumour of the testis.
Search for a hero inside of Bob Geldof and you'd find Matthew Pountney.
Part exchange your life.
I rogered Banister Fletcher.
Don't rhyme apple with hair.
Who loves a sticky bun? Romans.
Of Bins and Batman
Happy Innocuous Dog Birthday
Do you think I'm a dickhead or a Champagne bottle?
Mind the tea towel over the end of the world.
Who fucked all the sheep?
There's a little bit of light between your eye and your piss and it's called Samuel L. Jackson.
I tenderly fucked Dan Dare.
Hugh Laurie, armoury.
I tenderly fucked a bin.
I tenderly fucked a dinner plate.
I'm going to masturbate with a pitchfork.
National 'Weird Day' Day
I'm stuck down a well of enlightenment with an ape.
Savage Garden died shitting out a bin.
Deep throat your mum.
I fucked all the alls.
Fuck elongation.
Hello October, you're looking sexy.
Morning, did you rape a cloud? Did you rape forty clouds?
I heard Aristotle liked Ketamine.
High five AIDS!
Jennifer Aniston's a skinhead.
I'm a little bit like a gap year for a boy called Miles.
Gently fuck a geranium. No, don't bother.
I fucked a cunt in '94. I fucked a cunt at your mum's back door.
Fuck a bin bag with a bin.
I have a cunt made out of rhyming couplets.
Nicholas Lyndhurst dyed spaghetti and your mum's powerful imagination.
I have a cunt made out of Disney films.
Ant rape! Ant rape!
Bite on the nipple of a monk.
Andy Warhol died rinsing out his own penis.
Do you want to give me a prize for being a bin?
You might fuck AIDS but don't pooh-pooh October.
Softly spoken autumn.
The Anne Boleyn cure for colds.
There's a Roman in your socks, keep him coming.
I want to turn the fader up on life.
I'm the first sentence after your bath.
I'm thinking about becoming a light bulb.
I've never thought about Nigel Mansell in the bath.
Why aren't the Isles of Scilly at this festival? They could come as a goat.
I've never thought about teenage pregnancy in wolves.
There's not a donkey flavoured ice-cream yet.
Weapons of mutual disgust.
There's a speech bubble inside your mother's mind saying ‘catnip'.
Vacuum packed cat inside a cat on a mat.
I'm stuck down a well of enlightenment with a chimp.
Teddy Ruxpin died, pilot error.
Teddy Ruxpin died, mechanical failure.
Polly Pocket died, slagging about with Hitler.
Happy Bin Laden Birthday.
Hands up of you're happy Bin Laden.
Window of opportunity: double-glaze it.
I'm never glib about AIDS.
Are you perverting the course of bins?
Richard and Judy died, Kit Kat cunt.
Peanut butter AIDS baby.
Chip away at the personality of a lemon until it talks about grass.
Roman Velociraptor Training Scheme, Elvis speaking.
Roman Velociraptor Actiq lolly.
Health Lottery, Biscuit Lottery, Roman Lottery.
Barn dance superstar
Romans, countrymen, bins, Broadmoor.
Catapult chinchillas up the arms.
Roman Catholic Catherine wheels.
Tate Modern and the Vagina of Bin
Zac Efron Cookery School for Wimps.
Who's got a pun about Parcel Force?
Billy Bragg's a bit moist.
Romans, barbarians or bins? Choose.
Do you love me more than your own fallopian tubes?
Who's had a dalliance with a dick?
I've got a forty two inch plasma screen TV round the back of my mum.
A spoon full of horticulture makes the elephant go down on your mum.
Don't worry, we're only going to pillage forty two percent of the population.
Easy Jet or France? Choose.
Hell Raiser, helicopters or history teachers? Chose.
Mr Otter and the Monochrome Bandwagon
Find a special otter and talk it into sex.
Find a fucking geranium and eat its head.
Aliens or Peterborough? Choose.
Variant CJD or beans? Choose.
I thought you might fuck AIDS so I said Sellotape.
Badass biscuits or bins? Choose.
How long ‘till you kill me, forty two minutes or fifty two seconds?
Maybe cocker spaniels lie.
Fair trade dick.
Dogfood.
Please be a wasabi pea.
I hate AIDS dogs.
I alienated a headstand.
If I say, “Bin,” I want you to slap me round the face with a fish called Wanda.
Do you want to fuck an angel in disguise as Peter Pan's mum?
Forty two alien dogs in the room.
I broke up with sheep dogs.
The forth bridge along from bin.
I'm stuck down a well, masturbating an ant.
To boof or not to boof? That is the question.
God forsaken vagina.
If I get arrested, shall I shout, “Fuck off!”?
www.russellsworriedabouthisballs.com
What's the capital punishment of bees?
Iced crack bun.
Smashie and Nicey died, AIDS.
Shall we shoot dogs, hedgehogs or piss?
Would you like a room with a view or a room with a Hawthorn bush?
Would you like a room with a crackhead or a room with a bin?
What would you do if I ate Wales?
Bang.
I love Tony Benn talking about Cabbage Patch Dolls eating their own saliva.
Now, if you had to have a sperm donor that was Billy Connolly or Michael Aspel, would you choose bins?
If you had to take broccoli or a history teacher out to dinner, which would you choose?
If you had to boof four people, who would they be?
I lost my virginity in four ways: bins, bins, bins, biscuits.
I lost my virginity in forty two ways.
I lost my virginity in Archbishop Ferdinand's bed.
I lost my virginity with a whale, in a bin.
I lost my virginity in a kettle lead.
I lost my virginity in a teapot.
I blink therefore I am.
I'm so tired of being dog, I'm so tired of being cat, I'm so tired of being all the things.
I'm tired of being Banksy's boring bitch.
Who's got After-AIDS?
Capitalist snowstorm.
I've got a liquidiser for Hitler.
I might be Lion-O's mum, or a biscuit.
I wrote an article for the Lancet called ‘My mum's a bin.'
I'd like a disco tit.
How do you feel about worm farms?
Who's got a womb for Hitler?
Let's go to heaven in a Vauxhall Astra.
Would you like to rhyme about piss?
I'd do anything for forty two issues of Heat Magazine.
There's forty two haberdasheries in heaven.
I Romaned up my life with biscuits.
I'm very happy I'm a Roman Catholic priest disguised as a masturbating mum.
Roman Catholic bins.
AIDS donkey catapult.
Jumble Sale Puss and the Partridge of Pears
Ryanair or Keats? Choose.
Jumble sale foreskin.
Madonna: maybe she should iron her clothes more.
I've occupied a hedge fund.
Romans, countrymen, badass fairies.
Romans, Ryanair, Ladies? Choose.
I'm sorry but you're Nostradamus.
Roman capacity snow storm.
I think Toby Anstis is a lesbian.
Would you accept it if Romans talked about shit?
Sausage and alphabet horse.
I bottled piña colada at the well.
Shit on a hedgehog.
Shake your fist at a dog's scrotum until it turns into a tiny wizard.
How many toothpicks are in the tornado of your mum's womb?
Fractions speak louder than words.
Have you ever chirpsed your own piss?
Your mother is a hype man in Chicago.
What about a Lamborghini and a hawthorn bush procreating inside a sheep ?
I'm in an abusive relationship with my own hands.
Post It notes get soggy if you wank on them.
I'm just a tit table.
Fingers on buttons.
I'm a mean average bear.
If you watch carefully I'll be transforming into forty-two men made of ice maidens.
Manky men or boys? Choose.
Barbados or boys? Choose.
Boys or baking soda? Choose.
Shut up hate crime.
I'm a dark lord for fairies.
I'm in love with kettle leads and Leeds.
I'm a Sellotape dog. Woof, woof, woof.
Who's got more bins? Uxbridge or me?
I hate Man Dem's dogs.
Do you want to give Simon Cowell a boofing?
I fucked all the ladybirds and then I raped a seal.
Go fuck up the rainbow.
Riptide, roll on and wrap up a man.
It's Tweenies Total Wipeout.
Roll on rigor mortis.
Bank Lilly Savage, Bank Lilly Savage.
Toaster, toaster burning bright, in the kitchen next to the light.
Hello seals – do you sing seal songs to the stars at night?
Astronaut leggings.
It's all about hip-hop and bears.
I fucked up doomsday. I fucked up clouds.
I laser-gunned your mum tonight, I laser-gunned your mum.
Focus on the door of doom.
Round up all the ancient skies.
Buried upon Donkey Tor.
Biscuit-in-your-donkey Tor.
Night, night sun. Night, night son of sheep. Night, night bin. Knight Batman.
Fuck off McGough.
Do you think the geranium knows I'm not having a fit?
I have a cunt made of Habitat light nets.
I have a con artist in my mum's dog.
There's a network of teenagers in my bed.
Let's have a stewards inquiry into killer whale cock.
Spot the deliberate error: I'm a bin.
I fucked the ends of the world.
That might be the tree of life over there, or it could just be a bin.
Owen Wilson or your mum? Choose.
Hi autumn, I'm glad you're here.
There's a slate farm in my mum.
I'm stuck down a well with Elton John and a mole.
There's two ounces of pinhead in your womb.
You conform to the Bob Geldof school of shit.
Am I like Aristotle or a vacuum cleaner?
I'm sperm donor for Don King.
It's been seven years and fourteen sheep since I fucked a barnacle in the arse.
Shoot me in the head with a history teacher.
Wasabi milkshake.
Vodka jelly with peanut butter sandwiches.
Only bugger a bin on weekends.
The biscuits are on Jesus.
I dyed a dung gold.
I'm on the shelf of dare, like the shelf of despair but a bit more leftwing.
So, what do you do if you pick a scab and talk it into sex?
You have a 1990s face.
Dusty Bin died, dust AIDS.
Brandy cufflinks.
My mum's an Istan-billion.
I'm going to throw myself into the dungarees of a horse.
I fucked up a bin bag by filling it with claws.
I'm a bit like a bikini wax for Aristotle and bins.
I'm a bit like a bin bag with arms made of bears.
I would like a trout pout.
Florence Nightingale Velociraptor and the Teenagers of Despair
I'm 100% goat vomit.
I'm a little bit like goat sick.
Let's go though the round window and shag a goat.
Please enter the date of the last moon landing.
I'm a bit like a bin bag abandoned in Rome.
I'm a bit like a bin bag left out in Spain.
I'm a bit like a bin bag left out in the rain.
Bins or the Basque Separatist Movement? Choose.
I'm a gale force wind called Frank.
Where oh where oh where are bums? Sitting on the ancient ones.
I'm a bit like a baby with a foreskin made of peas.
I'm a shit sheep. I'm a really shit sheep.
I fucked Australia, I fucked Spain. I fucked Cambridgeshire, Keith Harris and a bin.
I'm stuck down a well of enlightenment with Ant and Dec.
I'm stuck down the well of enlightenment waiting for a bin.
Monkey foreskin, donkey pull up.
Care Bear tits rollover.
Dusty Bin died, the donkey did it.
I ate my mum's edible cum.
Bob Marley, reindeer.
Roman Heathrow donkey vein.
I hate four-inch kids.
I'm a layer of Ben.
Chastity belts for alien squirrels.
I'm stuck down a well, potty training an ant.
My mum's a bear.
Urgent lesbians.
Bear rain.
Language or lists? Choose.
I wish I had the freedom of a fish.
Lancastrian saxophone sausage dog.
Soft-porn snowstorm.
Do you enjoy the stony silence that comes after you've fucked a nun?
Boris Johnson ketchup overlord.
Gesture of kinship with a cat.
Yesterday morning your mum was an egg.
Donkey armada Spanish superstar.
Alfred Hitchcock barn dances in the Aztec being of a boar.
A bedspread with a picture of a penguin in a bath with a bit of asparagus.
Do you love rubbing Camembert into the crotch of an ant?
Tuck your duck in.
Square Sheep Revival Week
Language or Basingstoke? Choose.
Babylonian pussy.
Chin up Chinook.
Real-life Velociraptor bedspread.
Eating crisps with Damien Hirst or eating crisps with a bear? Choose.
I hate you geranium.
Killer geranium virus.
Put Russell on Safe Mode.
Why don't you just shape a storm into a sheep?
I've bought you Leeds.
It's raining The Heatwave.
It's raining bears and mums.
Backgammon bear.
Designer Rigid Reg.
Dolls house for David Blunkett.
Yay bench press!
What would you do if you ate a big Baghdadian monk?
Draw a little bear having sex with a fish.
Malcolm X was a sperm donor for my mum.
Origami Mongoose and the Topsy Turvy Toad
Taste the rainbow.
I love my mum. My mum loves bears. The bears die.
I have a cunt made out of espadrilles.
I'm a bit like Heseltine without the hair.
I licked the head of a bin.
I love bins.
Marshmallow Donkey and the Frogspawn of Hate
Optical illusion or Fresh Prince? Choose.
Boris Johnson, Crash Bandicoot.
I love you Mr Otter.
Hello October you're looking sexy
Babar the Elephant loves chocolate buttons.
Well done nature.
Happy bin day
I'm stuck down a well, with a bin
Where oh where oh where are bins?
I'm a bin
I tenderly fucked a basil plant.
Hello Basil, You Look Fresh.
You might be a geranium.
I've got kill-a-geranium-virus.
Nankles or Cankles? Choose.
I'm a spiscuit.
I fucked a marching band made of Aristotle's mum.
I'm mixing it up with a Sellotape dick.
I'm sorry but I bit a bin.
On the count of four I'm going to take a piss in a basket.
I fingered the water.
I love claws in my hair.
#wankpool
Don't think, it's bad for the government.
Don't think, it's bad for you.
Pick up a penguin and put it in a grave.
I think Missy Elliot's a mongoose.
Sellotape dog.
Vagina monologues for fairies.
What about the key to your vagina being your best friend?
Barbados Underwriters Anonymous
I've been single for 42 elephant-days.
Do you want to tell Elton John he's a mermaid?
Who's got an AIDS carrier pigeon?
I'm 42 inches short of a peanut butter sandwich.
Where's my face gone?
I'm going to sing a hymn called Bins.
God said, ‘I'd never have invented Spam.'
God said, ‘I'm just putting it in your head for now, I'll take it away later.'
I fucked a sheep and I want to eat a barn owl in disguise.
God said, ‘I made a seasonal erection a permanent thing.'
God said, ‘I love ashtrays.'
God said, ‘I fucked up with alligators.'
Noah, leave the barn owls behind.
God said, ‘Noah, learn to swim.'
Mulled biscuit.
God said, ‘Don't worry I'm not going to keep Buckinghamshire.'
God said, ‘Don't worry, it's an iceberg lettuce not a hailstorm.'
It's a good job I made a ladybird kill a woman.
God said, ‘It's a good job I made you a foreskin.'
God said, ‘I made Skittles for Barking not Dagenham.'
God said, ‘It's a good job I made Ketamine for you.'
Keith Duffy's allergic to peanuts.
Sheep are actually fish.
Do you think crisps are dangerous?
I'm a little bit like a gap year for a middle class kid called Hans.
Fuck a Jeep in Yarmouth.
Shall we turn the moon upside down?
I'm not even interested in the geranium.
I flew out of the ark and into the arms of a chipmunk.
Pad your life with biscuits.
I'm packing up my life in a biscuit barrel.
Hello, Laura's cum cake.
I'm a bit like a confusing sound system from '84.
Mother Teresa and the Antelope of Doom.
Worm.
Noel Coward Appreciation Horse
Missy Elliot died rowing to Baghdad.
I'd like to go and talk about a shed.
I'm as happy as Les Dennis in a Ford.
I'm as happy as a key in a lock made of sheep.
I'm as happy as a bear in an ash cloud.
I need a piss called Banksy, romancing.
I love fucking a shepherd called Alfred.
I have a cunt made out of Margaret Thatcher's nose.
I have a cunt made out Marvin Gaye.
Pig on a Hot Tin Horse
Did Facebook invent your mother?
You massive ten-ton testicle.
Where's the cooker's clitoris?
Weston-super-Bear
You're not a bully, you're an acid jazz monkey.
Do you have a gold bullion horse?
You're so on trend for a hippo.
Have you thought about if platypuses blow bubbles with their poo?
Listen to your inner duck.
Richard Hammond, and the Hairy, Hairy, Hairy Head.
I have a cunt made out champagne.
Happy Frogspawn Impersonation Scheme, William Hill speaking.
I kicked a kitten out of school.
I fucked a fucking fairy called Fred.
I have a cunt made out Tim Burton's mind.
I have a cunt made out histrionic sheep.
I have a cunt made out bacon rind.
I have a cunt made out orange peel.
Teach a geranium about its history and why its worthless.
Go and tell Roseanne she's a hedgehog.
Traffic lights are amazing!
Will you harass hedgehogs into history fits?
Wish you had Cancer to have a laugh with?
I have a cunt made out of Haggerston.
I fucked a shepherdess in Hartlepool on 14th July 1942.
Are you cubically dog?
One day I went to Beirut and it was next door to Lidl.
I'm not going to clean up after Care Bears anymore.
It is the swings and arrows of your mum's back door that raped a disco in '84.
Who raped everything? Oh that was me.
Mills and Boon died, radiator poison.
I fucked mankind in the bin tonight.
Fuck up a sheep and dance.
I fucked Iron Man.
I guarantee I didn't fuck the bin.
It's a feetwave.
I like watching bears sleep... If I can poke them in the anus with a pole.
We will fight them in Hunstanton.
We will fight them in the hedgerows.
We will fight them in the tree tops.
There's a 42 inch plasma screen TV in your wishing well.
Wigwam Training Scheme, Poltergeist speaking.
Mary had a little fucking cunt, its lips were red like sheep.
What's your breathing to biscuit ratio?
I'd like to fuck a sheep but it's too late - Fern Britton fucked one first.
I fucked everybody but not Norman Foster.
I'd like to go one day without saying Kiwi…Kiwi!
Hands up if you know how to clap and shit at the same time.
Name your top four motorway services.
I hate marching up the M4 with a rash on my head.
I touched Danger Mouse.
Goldilocks and the Four Donkeys
There's a pinch of Christmas in my tree.
Marilyn Monroe ate your mum with a pickled onion sheep.
Andover, Andover, Andover, and...
My mum's full of Italians.
There's an absence of womb.
That's my mum's burgundy horse kicking in.
I have frogspawn lined with chewing gum.
I have a cunt made out of stained glass, lit by August sunshine from the distant past.
I have a cunt made out of four inch ply.
I have a cunt made out of tambourines.
Yesterday I killed a bear with a handgun full of ice cream tits.
My mum's looking at a tornado called Jim.
Would you give your last Rolo to Flipper?
Teach your bear to suck eggs.
Floodgates open, floodgates pull up.
I fucked magnesium sulphate.
I'm sorry but I just felt up a chair.
Go and rape a KFC chicken bucket.
I raped everything.
History Teachers Anonymous
I'll put my elbow on your Hartlepool headscarf.
Thank God for spatchulas.
I have fairies in my mind raping a hedgehog.
Sumo fairy.
I know what it feels like to be a bear.
There's a left hand willy over there. There's a right hand willy in the corner.
I have a biscuit falling through my hair tonight.
Fuck sheep in beans.
Special Needs Donkey Appreciation Society
#poppysjoinedtwitter
Go left to riot. Go right to have sex with a little dog.
I'm going to be breaching the peace in two minutes.
I have a cunt made out of daffodils.
I have a cunt made out of wardrobe parts.
I have a cunt made out of my best friend.
I'm sorry but I don't think Ipswich is Ipswich.
Round the corner in a riot van, Elephant and Castle ate crisps.
I'm sorry but I'm going to take out Ipswich.
I'm a swimming gala for elephant cum.
I love nicking horses from the Rhinestone Cowboys and I love talking sheep into sex.
I love my bear and I love my mum and the Blackpool illumination sky.
Tourettes Gives A Pleasure Beach A Bath
It is the hippies of outrageous fortune that weigh heavy on the minds of dogs.
How many farts can you fit inside a sheepdog?
Hands up if you know how to clap and shit your pants at the same time.
Help!
Send the police to Norfolk, where they can take a cow out for dinner.
I'm going to loot a pickled sandwich.
Polar bears riot in Tottenham.
Hands up if you've got a ship on you.
I'm a jpeg of Alan Hansen.
I've got a Blue Peter badge in Pig Porn.
You look lovely geranium, for a whore.
Build a biscuit, build a biscuit, put sheepdog on the top. Take a donkey out to dinner, and rub its little back.
Fuck off ducks!
Fuck off geranium!
Don't buy a Mac, buy a pillow.
Mac's are shit.
Minty!
Llama table tennis in Anglesea anyone?
Sylvanian Family porno.
Garibaldi biscuits ate your horse's mother's cunt.
How to Dance Like a Unicorn - the director's cut
What's the purpose of porpoise?
Have you thought about why St Petersburg isn't paved with horseradish saliva?
What about a dada disco?
How to Dance Like a Unicorn - the extended cut.
How many bears have you slept with in porridge?
How many lamp-posts does it take to sing Tainted Love?
What do you like more, Play Doh or Plato?
Key a llama with a biscuit.
Hello dinner, I'm going to fuck you up.
I love sheepdogs.
Take Michael Aspel out for a walk.
Give Terry Waite a bath.
Whisky tits.
I love cum.
Yay! Black forest gateau.
Yay! Ramadan.
Yay! Harlesden.
Did you watch Dick Van Dyke in The Murder of Biscuits?
Yay! Lesbians.
Yay! Hadron Collider.
Yay! Sheepdogs.
Mystery.
The lesbians are making a Meccano set.
Point to the biscuit.
I fucked a thimble full of milk.
Where oh where oh where are bears? Fuck a sheep and eat its mum.
I was going to massage mummy's cunt but then I got high.
I was going to rape a paraplegic but then I got high.
3 to the power of Michael Portillo.
I was going to talk about squirrels but then I got a baby in my head.
I was going to get high, but then I got high.
I was going to sleep with Michael Aspel but then I got high.
Biscuits leave!
Dr Rebanus
I'm going to take a cheap shot at Christmas.
Squaresy.
I'm a banker!
Binky.
I fucked 14.4 bears.
I'm appalling!
I'm a fat baby.
Put her in the basement!
Baby bear
Boom, boom, boom, bye-bye.
I have a GCSE in mums.
Sweet tits.
Mummy killed the dog.
I'm a parent of a parent of a baby.
Pay per view.
I'm a parent of a parent of a tortoise.
I'm a parent of a parent of a piss.
I'm a parent of a parent of a papaya.
I'm a parent of a parent of a partridge.
Fairy tits.
Woo, woo.
Biscuit, cha-cha-cha.
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound of pencils writing on my dog.
Amazing Grace of pissing in the wind.
I was blind but now I'm a bi-sexual man.
I've qualified as an arguing Iguana from Rotherham.
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound of little baby Jesus eating fish fingers.
Amazing Grace, I paired off with Michael Jackson's mum.
Amazing Grace, how dare you be a bitch?
I'm a baby.
Re-boot Keith Allen.
You're spinster, you're spinster, you're spinster and you're dead.
Who Loves All the Worms?
Where oh were is God? Cumming on your mum's best friend.
Hippies!
Easy E, Easy E, riding through the glen, bitch to the left, boys to the right, Easy E, Easy E, Easy E.
Apples in you pants, apples in your pants, rub you knockers, rub your knockers, apples in your pants.
Community Activist Marilyn Monroe
Community Activist Donald Trump
Chim chim-in-ey, chim chim-in-ey Chim chim cher-oo, biscuits and fucking and bears in Beirut
I'd do a little bit for you dear, a little bit.
Would you climb Taylor Swift's underwear?
I'd do anything except elongate my body.
I'd do anything for larger breasts made of syrup.
I'd climb a tree with my legs tied together, but not marry David Blunkett.
I'm a neighbour of Mr God.
I'd do anything for you, piss head, piss head, piss head.
I'd do anything for one night with David Dimbleby.
I'd do anything for you Barbara Windsor.
I'd do anything for you Christmas pie.
I'd do anything for toes made of butter.
I'd do anything for one basic human right to be over.
I'd do anything for Daz to really work.
I'd do anything for Michael Jackson's mum to raise me up.
I'd do anything for one last chance at Scrabble.
I'd do anything for a caged monkey in Peru.
I'd do anything for fucking mums, bitches and dog poo tits.
Banksy's love juice tasted like Creosote.
I see Smarties.
Bye, bye baby bear.
Bye, bye Babybel
Titty-fuck your bank manager.
Fingers on crisps.
Free, free froo, froo.
Free, free Garfield.
Free, Free Willy 4
Rusty lion overtime.
Baby dogging.
I've bought you a helicopter.
Ollie has hair.
Da-da!
Ollie has a little bear.
I'm fucked. So am I. How many fucks are you?
Care Bears the Movie 10
Login to my life.
Jim'll fix it - if you're parents don't care enough to save you.
Jim'll fix it - if you're vulnerable.
Do the Canine Defence League take squirrels?
Santa gets his dry cleaning done in Ipswich.
NASA is the new Noah.
I'm in love with a dog called Tennis Elbow.
This donkey is null and void.
Have you got PG tits?
Have you helped a sailor fuck a goat?
Long John Silver fucked your mother wearing beige.
I'm dancing with a peacock.
Define too many bears.
Jim'll fix it - if you're pretty.
There's a squirrel in your pants.
Let's put our money in crisps.
Carol Vorderman broke the shower.
Ollie broke the shower.
Laura broke the shower.
Worming my way into your soul.
God loves you except if you're a cunt.
Left wing idiot.
90% okay, 10% crisps.
I fucked everyting up. I didn't, I fucked air.
Apples!
Mr Otter says hi.
Happies!
I've got a mind made out of Flashdance.
I'm relatively kinky.
I have a bum made out of bears and cum.
I've got a horny unicorn on my head.
I've got a unicorn horn on my head.
Elephant stilt walkers.
Crocodile Dun-Disco
The vibrating horse donkey machine.
He's got Boris Johnson's hair in his hands.
He's got iguana cock in his hands.
He's got your mum, Ben Hur and Oliver Twist in his hands.
I've got a foam party made of grass.
I have a mum made out bras and hair.
I have a cunt made out of witch's sperm.
I've got Aardvark in your Pants Syndrome.
Throw your mum on the hedgerow.
I ripened, I ripened, I ripened up your mum.
Humphrey Bogart - Wasteman.
Mornington Crescent AIDS concert.
I'm more upset than a bunker in Baghdad lit alight by a bear.
Dear Margaret Thatcher, fuck your dog.
Aim your dog at the moon.
The wheels on the bus say, ‘Shit yourself.'
Bye, bye Alan Bennett.
The archbishop on the bus says, ‘Don't eat crisps.'
Where oh where are feet? Falling out your mum's backside.
I've got a good teacher for talking about sex with aliens, Malcolm.
Can you teach me how to talk to Nicholas Nickleby?
Batman forward, Batman pull up.
Can you teach me to laugh in the face of a hyena?
Can you teach the media to laugh like a bleating whale?
Mancunian Underwriters Anonymous
Happy Velociraptor Training Weekend.
Batman ate your balls.
I have a cunt made out of lace and weave.
Rape a biscuit, rape a bath.
Take the biscuits out and shoot them.
I have a Parquet floor, I have a Parquet floor, I am a nob.
I have a bra made out of a satellites.
I have an ID card made out of lungs of Spanish worms.
I have a bra made out of kettle leads.
I have a bra made out of anchovies.
I'm tired of being an organ.
I have a bra made out of guns and mums.
I have a poor man in my head.
I have an ice cream made out of led.
I have a bean. I have a jaguar.
I have a cunt made out of senior lecturers in anthropology.
I have a cunt made out of banging steel.
I have a boom mic made out of whore.
I have a lion made out of Dagenham.
I have an airbed made out of lovely cum.
I have a bra made out of feathers from Concorde.
I have a bed made out of mummy's womb.
I have a biscuit made out of Ken Dodd.
I have a bra made out of rat's heads.
I have a bra made out of mummy's cum.
I have a bra made out of Champaign corks.
I have a bra like an ashtray disguised as a worm.
This little sheep of mine, I'm going to rape its Aunt.
I have a cunt and my mum's a bear.
I have a cunt made out of sand dunes.
I have a cunt made out of cork tiles.
I have a cunt made out of banging punk.
I have a cunt made out of steel and bears.
Stockwell donkey's falling down, my fair lady.
Depilated grandeur: welcome to Stockwell.
Pucker-up Christmas.
I'm steamy and dry and rancid like a bear broken open and rubbed with vinegar.
I'm too much like sex with a hair dryer.
Bashment rave in '48.
Stop, start, stop, start lizard.
I'm all over Bognor.
Iron age rave.
I hate owls overacting.
Mushroom Armageddon.
Jean Pierre Biscut Biscuit Paris Hilton.
I'm a beam.
Bionic bears, Baghdad or bins? Choose.
Who fucks apples? Apples.
Happy Birthday old school sheep.
Upscale mum.
I was raised by a biscuit, Elton John and a Norman.
I'm sorry but Bobby Davro fucked Ipswich.
You've got up the duff with a biscuit.
Don't worry, I only fucked a Roman in the hallway.
I fucked a Roman.
Pull out Ipswich, leave in skittles.
I'm dancing with a carrier-bag across your blank back, Sky.
I'm parking some ideas in your space, Sky.
I'm writing a love-letter to the lamp-post in your gaps, Sky.
Put a daisy chain in your microwave.
Lamp-post, where's your tinsel?
Lamp-post, you'd look good in a Santa hat.
Have a bucket of Christmas
Do they know it's Christmas in a cattery in Essex?
The air is colder that the Tory heartland.
Mr Bean at your cervix.
I heard Michael Aspel was a peanut.
Sandra Bullock Oreo footstool.
Smack the bum of an angel.
The only way is Otter.
Would you rather have cat AIDS or the hearing of a potato?
There were more garibaldi biscuits in 80s.
Strength of a biscuit.
I love sharp and precise Nice biscuits.
I jacked-off a biscuit.
Stand up look sheep. Fuck a bear, fuck a beast.
I'm bouncing around on the head of Jesus.
Apple Bra Galactica
I'm a bunny fart.
Matchbox tits.
Apple-cock phenomena.
Other people have horse tits.
I fucked an armadillo in custard.
Is Polly Pocket your nemesis?
2.4 mystery biscuits.
Why do you include bears in your blog?
Is it OK to laugh at sheep?
The upshot of being an egg is you're a fairy.
The Ministry of Bears
How about pickling your sister?
Hello air.
There's a window in the well.
I hate history teachers. I hate horses.
Risqué sheep.
People with Tourettes are bears.
Hello day, I'm sorry I'm missing you.
Dawn French fucked a biscuit in a rickshaw.
I fucked a papier-mache model of my mum's vagina.
Felt tip pen time machine.
Stainless steel donkey.
Happy go luck tortoise.
Papier-mache Rainbow and the Victory of Ketamine
Lace made of Strepsils.
I'm going to shoplift in Argos.
Push.
Harry Potter killed the radio star after hours at Bear Grylls'
Secondary school hallucinations.
I fucked-off a tractor.
I fucked bees. I fucked a bee.
I fucked everything.
You're biscuit, you're biscuit, you're biscuit ‘til I die.
You're Blackpool, you're Blackpool, your good times have now gone.
Massage the moon tonight.
Smashie and Nicey died, epiglottis accident.
Duck, duck, duck, Doberman.
PC Dick Van Dyke and the Roman Army.
Luxurious sheep I want to sit next to you.
I hate chestnut trees, they fucking raped me with their little spindles.
I'm solitaire's mum.
I'm a biscuit, pay me minimum wage.
I've got Garibaldi in my Pants Syndrome.
I ran out of steam when I was a whore.
I want to write down, ‘Penis candy'.
Harry Potter died wearing your mum's underwear.
I got flashed by a storm-chasing leopard with a hard on.
Hairy beasts or leggings? Choose.
Fuck Anneka Rice over a hedge.
Elongated hairy heart.
Do you think fucking a sheep is bad for you?
I've got butterflies on my mum. They're good for the biscuits.
Gaffer tape or Die Hard with a Vengeance Four? Choose.
Artichoke-Donkey-Dick and the Bucket of Babes.
Do you like cheeseburgers, or Mother Teresa best?
Do you think biscuits are bears? Answer in four words.
Good afternoon, I'd like to speak to a ninja.
I suffer fairies badly.
Pear and biscuit tart.
Here comes the sheep.
Don't worry they're not siblings.
We need to talk about your bad decision.
It's fire sperm, don't get pregnant!
Happy tits, happy tits, riding though the glen.
I'm so Ipswich.
Army of babies.
Nick Clegg – Digging Yourself Out of a Hole with a Straw, illustrations by Boris Johnson.
Isotope bear, isotope bear, Bangladeshi child.
Isotope bear, isotope bear, running through my mind.
Karate cum bag.
I'm going to large it with a tortoise.
I'm going to read a map about bears.
Fuck Heath Robinson.
Don't worry, we're only going to make a building out of fish.
Fuck a Rolo.
Rare groove armadillo.
Cut off your socks.
Aperitif of lungs.
Geraniums are responsible for AIDS.
Geraniums give you cancer.
Sweet and sour milkshake.
Fuck off Christmas shit.
I'm a fucking three-day event for cheese.
Time capsule for horse tits.
Scale model of a biscuit.
I fucked a tractor.
Scale model of the Avon ladies.
I'm a scale model of Somerset.
Marmalade Assassination Scheme, Laura Galbraith speaking.
Gloria Hunniford Appreciation Society, Marmalade speaking.
Do you think that robots are better than sex with donkeys?
Dossier of bears.
Don't fuck up a fucking fuck up.
Children you have no hope, the world is perishing.
Happy birthday legs.
Happy Make a Kitchen Out of Sand Day.
Vladapus - Vladimir Putin as a platypus.
Spinsters or shot glasses? Choose.
Cod liver oil strangled my mum.
Stick a polo mint up a bear's vagina.
Connect the dogs.
Why is your bear fucking that goose?
Alan fucks buses.
Disputable Ray Bans.
As an ancient being I once had sex with an olive.
Some people think I'm bonkers, I just think I'm biscuity.
I'm exhausted by my own biscuits.
Boris Johnson still fam.
Gordon the Gopher died, lung cancer.
Happy Birthday Gordon Brown, you're a biscuit.
Every sheep to the floor.
I'm working a biscuit into bed.
I'm working hard on sex toys for Darth Vader's mum.
Apoplectic donkey.
If your teacher's a bisexual ladybird clap your hands.
Journey to the Centre of the Epiglottis.
Swan-face weekender.
I showed courage an illumination.
I'm bringing biscuits back.
Alienated donkey sperm.
Bum factory.
Poltergeist put your socks on.
Can you just tornado my mum?
Roman Velociraptor Training Scheme, Fred Astaire speaking.
I'll make you eat a biscuit. I'll call it Bobby Brown.
I have a Sellotape hair band.
Mr Otter works in the circus as a special needs donkey.
God doesn't care anymore.
Mr Otter's out of work.
Hands up if you're old.
Come on children, just this once. Use a blackberry as a cunt.
Now, do you want to put me in a tea towel and send me to Spain?
I love wigwams more than sex.
Do you want to go to Mumbai and have chickens peck at your parents?
Alien Hamstring Recovery Centre, catapult speaking.
Mummy raped the dog last night, doo-da, doo-da.
I fucked Epsom Downs.
I'm in between minds.
Cardboard Box Impersonation Scheme, Mancunian extras speaking.
I can't believe you're shitting my mum out of your pants.
Harry Potter, your mum's dead.
Good afternoon Bob Geldof, you're a lemon.
Do you think underwear is for rapists?
Get lucky with an Otter.
I fucked a Care Bear on a ledge.
I want a baby biscuit called Bobby.
I'm a wigwam disguised as a lathe.
Rain Man died, over exertion in Rochester.
Velocity cum bag.
I'm not wrecked on the rocks that you've got, I'm just a biscuit-biscuit-bear from the biscuit shop.
There's a Hawthorne bush in your mum's vagina, rub a book.
Telephone Jeremy Irons, tell him he's a biscuit.
Horse chestnut tits.
I love organ donation for sheep.
Buy a sphere for me.
I'm having a short break from my own self.
I fucked a biscuit. Mr Otter died of jealousy.
Fuck a sheep and eat its mum. Happy, happy.
This fish is reversing.
Alien Barbados Worm Scheme
Easy E, Easy E riding though the glen.
Buckfast for Babylon.
Buckfast baby.
Buckfast foreskin.
Buckfast forward, Buckfast pull up.
I'm just all of tennis.
Anglepoise lamp in your mum.
MSc in Donkey Porn.
I'm a tour guide for Lebanese mums.
MSc in Biscuit Brain.
By the power of leggings.
By the power of Gypsy Horse!
There's too much rubble in my mum's dog.
I'm a dope fiend called Spanky.
Machine washable mum.
Dear Jim, please make me a biscuit.
Tie my mummy dog down sir.
Over the last fortnight I've turned into a peanut butter sandwich.
Wizened old man.
I'm struggling to fuck a butterfly.
Rosary beads are for babies.
Wave machine in a milk bottle.
Shut up foreskins.
Penelope Keith, prick tease.
Wigs for worms.
Good morning your Care Bears are showing.
Archbishop Minty Boy.
Un-invent the word biscuit.
Sheepdogs have needs.
Alan loves falafel.
Team Cum
Robot deaths in Nebraska.
Crusty man picnic.
Rusty lion overdose.
Rummage in a lido.
Kitchen donkey stole my gun, doo-da, doo-da.
Have sex with an otter.
Worthless pissing sheepdog cum.
Tori Amos died, picture frame accident.
I fucked Alien 4.
Interchangeable heads for sheep.
Kitten crime.
Robots in Hunstanton.
Kiwi-fried rice.
Starship Troopers and the Tornado of Discontent
Foreskin forward, foreskin pull up.
Matthew Pountney Empowerment Camp, Shotgun wife speaking.
Kinky foie gras or biscuits? Choose.
I'm going to do a walk for hedgehogs and call it peanuts.
I had velveteen rabbits in my ears.
Little known fact, Father Christmas is a biscuit.
Add a little biscuit to your Christmas.
Candy canes have nothing on biscuits.
Nothing says Christmas like a biscuit in a fairy costume.
Stuff your turkey with biscuits.
Christmas looks blissfully into the future eating biscuits.
Biscuits are more festive than beetroot.
Hands up Christian Andersen.
So we're ruling in biscuits and ruling out cum?
Do you like sex dogs?
I'm vagina dancing.
Fix up, look my mum in the eye.
Tramp in a disco.
Ninjas wobble but they don't fall down.
Badgers for Basingstoke.
I love you nail fibres.
I love you front bottom.
Father Christmas owns a biscuit factory in Wales.
I love you my bits.
Tortoise poo.
Kittens encased in Care Bears.
Fuck it puppet.
Montessori Goose and the Hat of Enlightenment
Pussy flavoured peanuts.
Raisin-powered octogenarian.
Raisin-powered sheep.
Spa day for Fred West.
Scavenger hunt for octogenarians.
Tabletop tits.
Placard for bits and biscuits.
Are you getting on like a sheep that laid on a sex toy?
Kick it, lick it, biscuit, kiss it.
Biscuit, back it, rabbit, flap it.
Fuck it, shit it, block it, piss it.
I raped a banana.
Fuck an angel.
Pineapple piss.
Forest Gump or foreskin? Choose.
Urban Molestation typeface.
Viagra for your socks.
Do you think Bobby Davro's a penis?
At the end of the road, turn biscuits into wine.
Whimsical Mum and the Opal Fruits of Despair
Urban Velociraptor Training Company
Whale watching with a biscuit.
Alien Velociraptor Training Scheme, History speaking.
Life Skills Training, Bobby Davro speaking.
I twisted Ulrika Johnson's mum.
Go on then, just this once, use masturbation as a cunt.
Iceberg Lettuce and the Donkey of Babylon
There's no accounting for sheepdogs.
What about if your mum said ‘fuck a biscuit.' Would you fuck a biscuit?
Mummy Dog and the Donkey of Dehydration
I'm a fucking Care Bear on crack acid.
If you're Richard and Judy and you know it, fuck off and die.
If you're Nepalese and you know it, clap your hands.
Pilates or parents? Choose.
Barbados forward, Barbados pull up.
Fridge magnet.
Kitchen sheep, kitchen sheep, riding though the glen.
Boys to biscuits.
Happy Birthday dear anagram.
My mum's got a penis, it's called Bobby.
Make Bangladesh the prom queen.
Would you give a fiver to your last Rolo?
I'm calmer than a chameleon.
I'm a miso mystery.
Happy Christmas Swedish army.
Fuck moments.
I'm sorry but Ken Dodd's a biscuit.
I demand to see an envelope.
I'm pissing in the window of opportunity.
I'm going to break up with Christmas.
The Canterbury Tales of Cum.
Horney man biscuits.
Alien vagina biscuit.
Laser-guided mummy dog.
I'm a dingle dangle donkey with a tea top hat.
I've shot a biscuit in the face with an Astroturf gun.
I say biscuit, you say kettle lead.
Worm tits sandwich.
Robin Hood, Robin Hood, riding through my mum.
When I say biscuit, you say shark!
Now, armadillos are sexy.
Fuck it, suck it, pack it, stack it.
Bespoke biscuits.
Mammalian mother fucking mint.
Hippies wobble but they don't fall down.
Shall we dance a biscuit dance?
Do you want to turn my mum inside out and make a biscuit?
Do you want to peer review my cunt?
I'm sleeping with Lion-O
My mum mended a biscuit.
Happy Christmas dear otter.
Did T. Rex order sausages?
There's a baby in your mum, keep it frying.
Shall we reenact your conception with a toothbrush and a lizard?
Days and nights in your mum's bed.
Fuck a silly sheepdog and put it in your pocket.
Care Bears the Movie 4: Return to Mint Cum
Parkour doesn't give you a hairy chest. It gives you heart burn.
I love mental biscuits.
I don't have mental biscuits.
No point in dwelling on the biscuits.
I'm sorry I slept with a biscuit 42 years after the storm.
Do you think sweet potatoes love onions?
My donkey went to special school.
I'm 14 babies.
FedEx your cheese to a Swede.
It's raining Biscuits, cats and Christmas hats.
It's raining Christmas Cats and Biscuits.
The mince pies are winking at the biscuits.
The biscuits and the mince pies are holding hands in the cupboard.
Festive armadillo and the plate of biscuits.
Biscuits are for life, and for Christmas.
Biscuits are for life, not for Christmas.
Biscuits are for Christmas, not for life.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, biscuits all the way.
I've just become a crime scene.
Waterloo ambassador for fuck.
Happy Christmas my biscuits.
Do you think things are things?
Now, where do you stand on kissing kiwis?
Throw biscuit into the boardroom with Lionel Sugar.
Network of tiny teens.
Shall we have a party in your mum's penis?
Do you like Christmas penis?
One day, when I go up I'm going to be a biscuit.
Wedgewood tits.
Stansted-on-Sea.
Pick up a Penguin, put your penis in it.
I fucked a pickle sandwich.
I'm a bit like a werewolf but made of biscuits.
My heart's a biscuit, smash it with an onion.
Kinky dogs training scheme, Boris Johnson speaking.
Box fresh lion.
Chalk it up to boomerang birds.
Chalk it up to biscuits.
Chalk it up to vampires.
Wind your sheepdog up, PULL, PULL, PULL.
Your biscuits are blossoming with biscuits.
Fuck a bluebottle with a greenfly.
Your mum's on fire and your dog's a cunt. Ah ha.
I was brought up by a rodent.
Fuck me in the face with an aardvark.
I know where the saw is.
Your mum's dead.
Biscuit!
Keys!
It's Tinie Tempura.
Biscuit Bear
#Ollie
Ollie go to bed.
Ollie go home.
Grow up geranium.
#geranium
There's a layer of Sellotape on your mum's dog.
You're a dusty dog.
Happy Autistic Saucer Day.
Blackpool-upon-Biscuits.
I love basic Barbados.
I love bye-bye's.
Cup A Soup or hedgerows? Choose.
Grout your doorknob and spin around.
#geraniumslippers
Mammalian mother fucking baby.
Mammalian mother fucking Mike.
Sheep and shepherd pie.
Ninja teapot.
This is the road to minty, this is the road to biscuit, this is the road to die.
This is my uncle Feet.
Who killed Whitstable?
Walter Segal and the Fairy Farmer.
Mars Bar Bear.
Armbands for Idiots
Audition a biscuit for sex.
This is the winter of your mummy's bear.
I smell of spidergram.
Read your own mind.
Fairy Tale Princess and the Bucket Table.
42 philosophers' biscuit chairs.
My mum's bird is broken.
Birthday Bear died at the hands of a biscuit.
Dear dark forces, roll over.
Dear dark forces, where's my mum?
I take 40% of your mum's takings.
Cambridge bought your mum.
You know what we're missing now? Cambridge Biscuit Rally.
Barefaced granny grabbing dogs.
Everybody knows, biscuits love Bodger.
I'm indifferent to horse tits.
Biscuit, are you wasted?
Forgone conclusion: Care Bears are lunatics.
Forgone conclusion: your mum's a bitch.
Horrible cockney interface.
The tide came in on your horse.
Angry Biscuit Syndrome.
Pat a cactus.
Fix up, look mangy.
I found my pussy in the reeds.
Donkeys to the poor, discos to the rich.
Tinselitis.
Night, night sheep, don't alienate your tortoise.
I think Tori Amos might be a Billy goat.
Rigor Mortis Empowerment Camp
Shove your head down a Spanish man's omelette.
Care Bears or Mims? Choose.
Make Poverty into a Hat for Shepherds Bush.
I sandpapered your life.
Don't wipe shit in your eyes.
I've wedged a sausage dog in my bum.
Rome wasn't built in 42 working days.
Nighties for Nicaragua.
Leisurewear Velociraptor Training Party
Fucking negative equity horse.
Sexual animosity teapot.
Agricultural Assassination Scheme
We wish you a merry biscuit.
Could the biscuits have the steamed pudding in a fight?
Don't laugh at the Christmas pudding biscuits.
Peace on earth and good biscuits to all bears.
Season's biscuits.
Christmas is 80% more biscuity than Easter.
The Christmas biscuits are on me.
Merry Christmas earthworm unicorn biscuit head.
Festive biscuit tin of hope.
It's a little biscuit in a Santa hat.
My real dad's a biscuit.
Don't let a pineapple die alone.
Ladyboy Training Scheme, Roland Rat speaking.
Alien Velociraptor Training Scheme, Bagpuss speaking.
Pisshead donkey on the dusty road.
Rollerblading Dogs Trust
Take That empowerment scheme.
Have you smuggled Pocahontas out of the country today?
Scathing hole of condescension and the milk.
Lizard Comprehension Reading Scheme
Lizard Comprehension Scheme
Agatha Christie, Doberman speaking.
Cod Liver Oil Impersonation Scheme, Mars Bar speaking.
Happy Bollywood Survival Afternoon.
www.lizardpussy.com
Harry Potter Empowerment Scheme, Bangladesh speaking.
Lynch Jeremy Irons.
Clairvoyants are creepy.
My sibling eradicated the mind of a badger.
Harry Potter Empowerment Scheme, Hannibal Lecter speaking.
Morgan Freeman died, straight forward AIDS.
Ejaculation house party.
Gurning yourself to shame.
Do you think keyboards are better than sex with fish?
www.assassinateyourfrog.com
I'd like Leighton Buzzard to go to sleep and never wake up.
You're a little tiny trickle of wee.
Pocahontas Allergy Training Scheme
I know that Debbie McGee had sex with an alien.
I'm a soundtrack to the end times.
Harry Potter Beguilement Trust
I've got an injunction out on John Lewis.
Lemon drizzle cake rubbed into your mum's vagina, beautiful.
Fuck worm.
Nobody fucks with worm.
We have four willies between six of us.
The wind is on fire.
Clairvoyant Ambassadors' Programme
Kyle only masturbates on Mondays.
Velociraptor Tornado Appreciation Society
I'm an auto-suggestible shepherdess.
Only Fools and Horses high school massacre.
Only Fools and Horses die.
Velociraptor Training Scheme, Billy the Goat speaking.
Wastrel donkey and the Bishop of Azkaban.
Flowery Donkey and the Nightmare of Biscuit Street.
Frodo Baggins loves your socks.
I'm having a party for a biscuit.
Sarah Jessica Parker, minge party.
Apocalypse in your pocket.
Oregano flavoured mum.
Roland Rat Impersonation Scheme
Magnolia aardvark.
Danes hate dicks.
Let's speak inside an Elephant's cock.
Nincompoop Assassination Scheme
Wipe the bottom of a lactating aardvark.
I actually fucked a biscuit.
Armageddon alien biscuit.
Kriss Kross will make you eat cum.
By the power invested in your mum, your donkey is now a sheep.
It's National Pina Colada Weekend!
Aardvark Vagina Monologues
Aardvark vagina kettle lead.
National Burry Your Head in a Shepherd Day
Tonight Biscuit, I'm going to be a biscuit.
Mongolian Agricultural Awareness Week
Cod liver oil, fuck a sheep, rape a donkey, go to bed.
Leopard pussy crack.
Sink into despair with your mamma on ice.
Fuck fourteen apostrophes.
Worm tits.
Take Your Junkie To Work Day
Stand up straight, arms by your sides, talk about lemons.
Play cat's cradle with an alien's testicles.
Istanbul or peanuts? Choose.
Kiwi Fruit Survivors Afternoon
Writhe on Nicholas Nickleby's penis.
Niagara Falls or tennis elbow? Choose.
Tea dance or apocalypse? Choose.
Killer Whale Extension Scheme
Peas are good, peas are good.
Russell Lucas, man boy.
Why take two donkeys into the shower?
Woe betide your seagull.
Seagull forward, seagull pull up.
Wagamama ice cream phone.
Johnny Briggs Assassination Scheme
Zombie apocalypse, Malcolm X speaking.
Crispy Dog Syndrome.
Relaxing by proxy.
Archetypal Donkey Kong.
Don't tease your Sellotape. Sellotape your seagull.
Three Donkeys, One Cup.
I fucked a fucking, fucking, fucking, fuck.
I've been in the room when Anne Robinson had sex with your mum's mum.
I've been in the room when Anne Robinson had sex with your mum.
I'm like a shepherd, passing my sheep in the night.
More festive than a biscuit with a turban on.
All I want for Christmas is a biscuit and the building blocks of life.
Rudolf the red nosed biscuit.
Rudolf the biscuit reindeer had a very chocolate chip nose.
The night before Christmas and all through the night the biscuits are slumbering.
I'm not feeling festive I'm feeling biscuit!
Turkey flavoured biscuit.
Don't put tinsel on your biscuit.
White biscuit Christmas.
Make it a biscuit Christmas.
Backhanded squirrel.
I've been in the room when Anne Robinson had sex with my mum.
Speed of a biscuit on sex.
Winkle donkey, pick your bum.
International Teapot on your Head Day
Irrational fear of biscuits.
Matthew Avery and the Fire of Istanbul
Fuck Matthew Avery with a lizard after seven.
Matthew Avery showered with my mum seventy-seven days after the storm.
Forty years after the donkey fart, mummy erupted into sexual intercourse.
Luck, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, genital herpes!
Luck, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, coma!
Luck, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, brain haemorrhage!
Luck, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, massive tumour!
Luck, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, cancer!
Care Bear assassination scheme.
Lucky you, you've got 14 sheepdogs in your wallet.
Lucky you, you've got a woman to go biscuit shopping in Hartlepool with.
Put a sex fiend in my mum's dog.
Matthew's from the squirrel cock generation.
Give your baby firework.
Pickle Cum Bucket and the Bucket of Biscuits
Your mum, Jon O'Groats
This is the winter of your donkey doing headstands.
This is the winter of your backpack-loving mum.
This is the winter of your baby eating sheep.
Winston Churchill and the Prisoner of Biscuit Brain
This is the winter of your sheepdog cumming cups.
Ratatouille superstar.
Square dog round mum.
Magical Mum Mystery Tours
I'm an aspirational fucking shepherdess.
Alien Barbados Donkey Training Company
I am the Union Jack of donkeys.
Keyboard fart.
Rubber stamps, fish or teeth? Choose.
Miso soup.
Help, I'm stuck down a well.
Boska.
#donkeyteeth
#eatyourownmiddle
#Jonnybriggs
#pickledonioncumbottle
#teacuptits
£2 a squish.
1, 2, 3 worm formation.
10% of mums take it up the bum.
100% of cum is flavoured by mice.
14 rows of kittens on crack.
15º to the left of babies.
1942 is around the corner. Around the corner in an alien.
1990 face.
3 to the power of dogs.
300 old people died in Swindon.
44th Symphony Christmas tree.
90% of donkeys are sheep.
90% ok 10% crisps.
95% of biscuits are birds.
Enya sounds a bit angry.
A badger carried Mary on the dusty road.
A Cornetto and a Christmas tree: the price of love.
A diagram of Nigel Mansell's penis.
A flock of cheeseburgers.
A fountain of love shines from your cocker spaniel's dick.
A gigabyte of dogs.
A little bit of Christmas in your shoe.
A little bit of Heseltine in my shoe.
A sausage and a finger could kill a man.
A sheepdog left in mum's vagina talks about cum.
A sheepdog raped Mary on the dusty road.
A Spanish dog on a horse's leg, I could get you that for a fiver.
A squirrel ran off with my brain.
A squirrel wearing its mum's jumper.
A terabyte of cum.
A tortoise wrecked my dog.
A wigwam full of sausage dogs.
A.
Aardvarks make a biscuit smile.
Agoraphobic donkey.
Airy-fairy lady garden.
Alan Sugar's gigolo.
Albert Einstein made sellotape out of shares.
Alexa Chung died. She stubbed her toe on the edge of the world.
Ali Ba Ba and the Biscuit Barrel
Alice in Wonderland trained my dog.
Alienated camouflage bear.
Aliens are landing on your forehead.
All of humankind or biscuits? Choose.
Always look on the bright side of cheese.
Am I your favourite burden?
Amazing sheep, how sweet the sound of Lego in my tits.
An approximation of the truth by a biscuit.
Ankle boots for an octopus.
Ankle boots or aardvarks? Choose.
Ant and Dec died shaving their joint mum.
Apple Car Galactica
Apple Car Vernacular
Archbishop Desmond Donkey.
Nothing says Christmas like a biscuit in a donkey costume.
Nothing says Christmas like biscuits with socks on.
Nothing says Christmas like biscuits in hats.
Put a biscuit under your tree.
Forget Christmas bells, Christmas biscuits.
Festive biscuit penguin style.
Mull over your thoughts with a biscuit.
Happy biscuit and good will to all sheep.
Finding meaning in my mum – no.
Archive your pussy.
Are 100 dogs worth more than cows?
Are you aware that listlessness responds to tiny tits?
Are you my carer or a sock puppet?
Are you my favourite sock puppet?
Artichoke heart transplant.
Astroturf your mum.
Auto-suggestible T-shirt.
Does the moon prefer zigzags or stripes?
Avocado cum-bag.
Ba ba dog goat, have you any friends? Yes sir, no sir, fuck off.
Ba ba dog goat.
Baby lion killed the radio star.
Backgammon or guns? Choose.
Badger loves Ketamine.
Bagpuss died of cat AIDS.
Bagpuss forward, Bagpuss pull up.
Who knew about cells?
Bagpuss pissed from my purse.
Baked beans or Spandex? Choose.
Balamory or Hitler? Choose.
Banana Man raped my mum.
Bananarama died - they slipped out of their skins.
Bananarama or cum? Choose.
Bang on the windows of hell.
Bang your head on the womb.
Bangladesh or milk? Choose.
Bank.
Barack Obama ate my mum.
Barack Obama hates me and my mum.
Barbara Windsor breast-fed my mummy.
Barbara Windsor fucked Christopher Reeve.
Barn dance in a tea shop.
Barry Manilow, ketamine survivor.
Basingstoke's on eBay.
Basket weaving with God.
I mesmerised a horse.
Batman breast fed my mum.
Batman broke my bed last night. Doo-da, doo-da.
Batman died.
Batman forceps delivery.
Batman forward, Batman pair up with Jesus.
Batman to Rupert Bear, come in.
Batman's wasted my Lord.
Battlestar Vernacular.
Bay window in your head.
Bay window in your lungs.
Beef Wellington.
Beehive With A Pension
Beehive With A Vengeance
Beep.
Being an astronaut or being a dickhead? Choose.
Bernard Manning killed the radio star and several small Alsation puppies.
Bernard Manning's in my house, fuck him off.
Beyonce died, dragging her hamster to bed.
Big breasted dog.
Binnington-upon-Tweed.
Biro loving bear.
Birthday Bear raped a baby.
Birthday Bear's a cunt.
Biscuit, cha, cha, cha.
Biscuit's not a swear word, it's a biscuit.
Biscuits Are Doing It For Themselves
Biscuits or peasants? Choose.
Bitmap mind.
Bits and bobs for Ballykissangel.
Bits and bobs for Stevenage.
Blade Runner Over the Ocean Seas.
Blade.
Bleeding hearts and minds.
Bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody, bloody Mary.
Bob Geldof stole your spam.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob pants.
How much do you hate me, 42% more than shut up?
Bobby Davro or chairs? Choose.
Bog Standard Man.
Bog standard toilet roll or crispy chicken? Choose.
Bog standard tonsils.
Bognor Regis or cream? Choose.
Boiling green Kermit cum.
Bomb, bomb, bang.
Bonnie Prince Christmas.
Boris has a head.
I have a no dog policy at Christmas.
Boris Johnson is your wingman.
Boris Johnson killed himself with a tambourine.
Bow down Christmas Tree.
Brambly Hedge survival kit.
Brave New Dog
Bray like a donkey be like a bee.
Bribery is amazing!
Britain's got a taste for being pissed on by Simon Cowell.
Britain's got boobs.
National fake blood in your eyelashes day.
Silent Biscuit, it's like Silent Night but more crispy.
Rudolf had a biscuit nose.
I wasn't even worried, conker tree.
Horse-chestnut, you've got the aim of a drunken donkey.
Better luck next time, tree.
Don't wrap a plane in cellophane, sell a field to Sellafield.
Put me in a padded cell with Nicholas Lyndhurst and a bottle of water.
Buy cats, sell cats, buy cats, sell cats, buy cats, sell cats, buy a cat flap.
I'm going to raise Mother Teresa's biscuits.
British Petrolium killed Harry Potter.
Broken promises or broken arrows? Choose.
Bruce Forsyth, crackhead.
Bruce Springsteen gave you herpes.
Bruce Springsteen gave your mum herpes.
Bubble Wrap Survivors Day
Buck up Christmas tree!
Buck up your ideas trees.
Buckets or cutlets? Choose.
Build a brick wall between your mum and your mum.
Build a swimming pool in your mind.
Bumming your way to Bagdahd.
Bungalow in your pocket.
Bunking-off with cheeseburgers.
Burn your bra with Billy Connolly.
Butterfly wings flapping in my mother's mind.
Button Moon or cunts? Choose.
Buy a carpet from my mum.
Buy an overture for your cum.
Buzz Lightyear died burning Simon Cowell's mum.
By the power of God cum.
Bye polar bear.
Bye, bye 1945.
Bye, Bye.
Cabbage cunt.
Cage fighting Banana Man.
Calm down Christmas time.
Calm down God.
Zac Efron lacy pyjama hotline – Diane Abbott speaking.
Calm down wanker mitt.
Calypso music killed Mary on the dusty road.
Cambridge-upon-Acton.
Camel Toe Survivors Day
Can all homosexuals please report to the front desk.
Can all people with feet please report to the lobby now.
Can you just talk about tits?
Capital letters talk to themselves at night.
Cardboard life.
Cardinal Ratzinger took my mum from behind.
Carebears the movie 10.
Careless talk costs £1.
Careless Whisper costs £1.
Carp.
Carry ketchup in your anus.
Cartridge paper.
Casper The Friendly Cock
Catapult your love to me.
Cauliflower dogs take it up the bum.
Cautious attitude to sex.
Earth, Window, Fire.
Champagne Bob, square pants.
Champagne Bob, square pants. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob pants.
Changing Christmas One Card At A Time.
Chaperone your tits.
Cheek fairy.
Chicken wi-fi porn.
Chief Donkey of Biscuit-head.
Chinchilla tits.
Chinese alien sperm.
Chislehurst Caves or cripples? Choose.
Chow down on your mum.
Christen your own foreskin 'Peter'.
Christian Dior, cheese bake.
Christmas cheese is a baby.
Christmas is babyish.
Clitoris or cheese? Choose.
Cock Suckers Mum's United.
Cock, cock, cock, cock, cock, Coldplay.
Cod Liver Oil Survivors Day.
Cod liver oil teabags.
Collagen or collage? Choose.
Come and dye wool with Jesus.
Community piss officer.
Congratulations, you're a kiss arse.
Consensual sex with a dashboard.
Cosmic Hammer.
Cottage pie armistice.
Cottage pie is amazing!
Mogadish-dosh.
Crack wizard.
Cracking on or cracking a dog? Choose?
Crime is amazing!
Crime is babyish.
Crime is making kittens cum.
Crime or cuckoos? Choose.
Crimean war or chips? Choose.
Crisp packet, mother fucking cunt.
Croften Road, squirrel tits.
Crouching Mummy, Donkey Pudding
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Fish.
Crouching Tiger, Pouncing Jess
Cry me a river of babies.
Cry me a river of cheese.
Cry me a river of cheeseburgers.
Cry me a river of Ken Dodd out of my bum.
Cue Nicholas Lyndhurst.
Cum guzzling horse.
I'm going to sell a horse a forty-inch piano.
Let's celebrate cells.
Pick up your cells and walk.
Organ Grinding Astronaut Splinter Cell 4, Douglas Hurd speaking.
Cellophane or Bo' Selecta? Choose.
I'm going to sell the Billy Goats Gruff some acid.
Cell phone, cellophane, sell a cat.
Terror cell, Duracell or carousel? Choose.
Falafels for all.
Alan - Falafel King.
Cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt, sports-casual.
Custard pussy.
Custom PC or pig porn? Choose.
Da-die!
Daddy drank the dog.
Daddy-long-legs Killed the Radio Star.
Daisy
Dangerous Dave Cameron broke the dog.
Daniel Radcliffe came in my pants.
Dappy or deer stalkers? Choose.
Dappy's a Christmas tree, a crescent moon and a corset.
David Blaine died toasting his own sick.
David Blaine fucked my mum, invisibly.
David Blaine pincer movement.
David Dimbleby died wearing dungarees.
Daz or light bulbs? Choose.
De-robe your donkey.
Deal or No Donkey
Dear Batman, I'm sorry to hear about your corn.
Lamp-post stop nattering, I'm trying to sleep.
Dear Donkey, I'm sorry you're a bachelor.
Dear Lionel Blair, I think you killed the dog.
Dear Margaret Thatcher I'm sorry to inform you you're a bear.
Debbie McGee eats her own young.
Deep fried cum.
Dehydrated Care Bear stare.
Dehydrated Care Bears.
Seed pod, I Pod, frog pod.
Department of Curly Whirlies, Crunchies and Snickers.
Derren Brown is in the room, shut your mind.
Diana Dors died - chamber music overload.
Dick Dastardly's on strike.
Dick Van Dyke Survival Day
Did God like the rainbow you made him?
Did Jesus touch your penis?
Did you talk George Bush into a sellotape dance?
Die a little death for me.
Die Hard With A Pension
Diet whore.
Disable the crisp.
Divide a lunatic by a sheepdog and you get a springer spaniel.
DJ Rubbish raped himself.
Do a headstand for Africa.
Do they know it's Christmas in Kettering?
Do you enjoy organ donation?
Do you have a penis?
Do you love Diamond Fucking cake?
Do you love Oglander Road SE22?
Do you need a pint of treacle in your blood?
Do you Rotterdam take you Barnsley to be your buddy, now and forever more?
Do you rub a biscuit?
Do you Rubber Duck take you Rubber Pussy to be a windbreak, now and forever?
Do you Sheepdog take you Biscuit to be a biscuit, now and always?
Do you Sugar Tits, take you Biscuit Barrel to bunk bed share with a lesbian?
Do you think Christmas is a lazy bastard?
Do you think Christmas is wasted on Jesus?
Stand back from the closing mouth.
Do you think I'm a Christmas tree?
Do you think I'm a cunt or a gypsy?
Do you think I'm a sheep dog a shepherd or Cher Lloyd?
Do you think Pal or Cesar is better for my mum?
Do you think Spandex is a bad idea?
Do you want a poison pen letter for Sophie Dahl?
Do you want Sisqo to cum in your pants?
Do you want to fire a baby into the back room?
Do you want to put your willy in a hedge fund?
Do you want to sleep with a wireless router?
Do you want to translate cunts into biscuits?
Do, re, mi, fa, so, crisps, cheese, fish.
Does Dustin Hoffman have a Teasmade?
Does oral sex give you donkey tits?
Dog poo tits - squelching out of your bra.
Dog poo tits.
Dog.
Dogfish.
Dogging or llamas? Choose.
Dogging with a duvet.
Dogging.
Don't apologise so much, it makes you look weak.
Don't bicker with Batman, bicker with Ken Dodd.
Don't eat crisps.
Don't fight Christmas, fight Helen.
Don't fuck a donkey in your dreams.
Don't have sex with sheepdogs, have sex with voles.
Don't hit your head on the world.
Don't kick the egg.
Lights, camera, Christmas.
Don't love knives, love Leprechauns.
Don't love knives, love Neil Armstrong.
Don't love knives, love t-shirts.
Don't make me ladder your tights.
Don't punch yourself in Dick Van Dyke's mum.
Don't put an ashtray in the burger, put a baby in the bath.
Don't quell my spirit, quell my mummy.
Don't shout at the geranium... Fuck off geranium.
Don't sit in a lift with a cheese monster.
Don't talk about cardigans.
Night, night air, you look better in blue.
Sky, your light is more mysterious than Harry Potter in a closet holding a biro.
Sky, are you auditioning for Rain Man?
Trees, say thank you to the light, it's making you look thinner.
Hello aubergine sky.
Get a spirit-level, trees!
Measure the spirit of a level-headed monk.
I need a Christmas spirit-level.
If you hit your head with Michael Aspel he turns into a rat.
Burlesque biscuits.
Don't turn the engine off, God.
Don't buy a house, buy a pillow.
Don't let the bear drive the juggernaut.
Donkey Ball 3
Donkey cum, donkey cum going only where a donkey can.
Donkey drawbridge.
Donkey killed the radio star, forty-two years after Hitler.
Donkey Kong broke the shower.
Donkey Kong or torsos? Choose.
Donkey-shit biscuits.
Donkey, donkey, donkey, donkey; donkey dick.
Donny Osmond died - overdose of parents.
Dorsal fin.
Dot, dot, dot, dash, dash, dash, dot, dot, dot.
Download a forest and talk about Jesus.
Dr Rebanus is marrying a cunt.
Dr. Dog-Raft.
Dr. Rubber Great Daneus.
Drape your dog on a fork.
Drape your mum on the moon.
Dried out whisky tits.
Duck, duck, duck, Kiwi.
Dump Dappy on the forecourt.
Duncan Goodhew Velociraptor Training Centre.
Dusty bin died - date rape.
Dye your groom ginger.
E-head.
Eamonn Holmes is in your mum, kick him out.
Earth Wind and Porridge.
Nanagram – they're like anagrams but with Grans.
Eat crisps.
Edgar Alan Poe loves Bob Hope's mum.
Edgar Alan Poe loves your mum.
Eee Eee Eee.
Eeeee.
Eggnog, Willynog, Toiletnog.
Electricity or tea towels? Choose.
Emailing my everlasting God.
Rebecca's joined a cult.
Epicly sensitive man.
Eternal Donkey of the Spotless Sheep
Everybody needs a squirrel wearing leggings in their life.
Everybody needs Harry Potter in their pants.
Everyone's a nob end in Switzerland.
Everything on the internet is a sham.
F, F, F, F, F, ferret face.
Face paint your dog.
I'm an 18th Century snake charmer.
Facetit.com, Faceit.com, Faceache.com, Facelift.com
Fake a bath.
Fashion your testicles into a cape.
Fat sister.
Fearsome force for good.
FedEx your mum to Sudan.
Feed the cumming bear.
Felt-tip penis.
Fictitious tightrope walking jazz musician music.
Fidget with your silverware Michael Aspel.
Figgy pudding or Paris Hilton? Choose.
Find a little sheepdog, talk it into sex.
Fine Jesus for talking about God.
Fingers on buzzards.
Fingers on Duncan Goodhew.
Fingers on spinsters.
Fingers on the bottom of the Pope.
Fire up the kiln and put your mum in.
Fish fingered your aunt.
Fishing.
Flabby life.
Flapping around like fish sex.
Flapping around or talking to cheese? Choose.
Flash dance with a copper.
Flash dance.
Flip Flops are for wankers, and mums.
Flip Flops are for wankers.
Fly swat your dog with a penis, squash a ladybird with your dick.
Flyover or hangover? Choose.
Follow the Christmas penis.
Foreskin donkey my Lord, kumbaya.
Foreskin, chips and beans.
Forestry Commission in your fanny.
Forrest Gump fucked a fairy.
Foxtrot to your death.
Fragmented man.
Frank Butcher, ketamine survivor.
Frankie goes to Catford.
Fred Astaire ate your love life.
Freshly laundered donkey and top hat for sale.
Fuck a doberman with a shell-suit on.
Fuck a doughnut in Jerusalem.
Fuck a lemon in a biscuit with a biscuit.
Fuck a shed.
Fuck a sheep and eat the parents.
Fuck a sheep dog in the backside with a horse.
The air is colder than the mind of an antelope.
The air is colder than a doorway to an ancient ship.
The air is colder than a limbo-dancing bear.
The air is colder than your mother's tart.
Do you remember the time you were a beat in a song?
I'm a box set of Michael Parkinson cutaways.
Let the mouse see the radiator.
Don't wash your toaster in the bath.
Carrier Bag Early Intervention Team - Duncan Goodhew speaking
Plastic bag, one day you'll be on Antiques Roadshow.
It's fireworks night in an igloo.
Vacuum-packed cat inside a cat on a mat.
Bass or space? Choose.
Your mother is a travesty of justice.
Shake your fist at a dog's scrotum.
The Great Hatsby
Donkeys are my people.
Happiness is a dish served like a bin.
Do you want to play for the sheepdog inside yourself?
Fuck a sheep with a headdress.
Fuck a sheep with an elephant.
Fuck a shooting star and put it in your pocket.
Fuck a volleyball team round my anus.
Fuck Chernobyl with an ashtray.
Fuck Jesus with an ashtray.
Fuck Mr Bean with a lantern.
Fuck off Gandalf.
Fuck off gyroscope dog.
Fuck off lizard legs.
Fuck off or shit? Choose.
Fuck off Tourettes.
Fuck pilates.
Fuck Star Trek naked round the back of the bike shed.
Fuck up the cheap seats.
Fuck you Dirty Sanchez.
Fuck you rigor mortis.
Fuck you rocking chairs.
Fuck you sensationalism.
Fuck, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy. Shit, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, fuck.
Fuck, fuck, fucking on heaven's door.
Fuck, Fuck.
Fucking Concorde, chipset tits.
Fucking or love lives? Choose.
Fucking, fucking, fucking Ginger Rogers.
Gabrielle died, she spat out the backside of a baby.
Gale force wank.
Gary Glitter died torturing a teacup.
Gated community or cabbage? Choose.
Gavin sucked my toes last night, doo-da, doo-da.
Geoff Capes, God's hero.
Georgian houses or crackers? Choose.
Geri Halliwell's a mischief maker.
Get out of my fish.
Get your shit together now.
Giddy up God.
Give me a massage with Marmite.
Glittering cum.
Gloria Hunniford - Queen of my mum.
Gloria Hunniford raped my mum and said goodbye to the circus.
Gloria Hunniford's asleep, so is Bruno Brookes and Gaby Roslin.
Gloria in expandable pants.
Go and eat an ash cloud.
Go and hoover above your life.
Go home, eat crisps, talk to an animal.
God doesn't care.
God doesn't mind that you're a man.
God doesn't mind you.
God eats crisps.
God hates Christmas.
God likes you.
God loves a booking number.
God loves crime.
God loves everyone - except you.
God loves everyone.
God loves fish.
God loves gerbils.
God loves Marmite.
God loves Paris Hilton, but not her dog.
God loves sandwiches.
God loves scaffolders.
God loves you and you and ba, ba, ba.
God loves you anyway.
God loves you dude.
God loves you man.
God loves you, despite everything.
God loves you, except when you're a cunt.
God loves you.
God loves your mum, intimately.
God needs a haircut.
God says Don't eat crisps.
God says Eat crisps.
God says Give me an M please, Bob.
God says Give me MJ please, Bob.
How many aeroplanes can you do a biscuit in?
God says I didn't teach you that shit.
God says I gave you a tiny blue penis.
God says It's not the end of the world, yet.
God says, Don't kill yourself yet.
God says, Let there be canned goods.
God says, Suicide is ok, for you.
God says, Who put that there?
God says, You've had your turn.
God's got a lovely dog made of milk.
God's got his whole mind in his hands.
God's got my whole mind in his hands.
God's got semen everywhere.
God's mouthing off now.
God's moving to Watford on Sunday.
God's on holiday with Eric Cantona.
God's washing your mum's hair.
Good afternoon, Legoland Windsor.
Good afternoon, Legoland Windsor. Please insert your penis after the tone. Beeeep.
Good afternoon, welcome to my pants.
Good afternoon.
Box of chocolates for an ant.
Your mother had a close shave with an ant.
How resistant to change is an octopus?
Sheep are aerodynamic, discus.
Your phone is busy having sex with the table.
Rhyming couplet about Stephen Hawking.
Ken Dodd was a mistake.
Garibaldi biscuits or Satan? Choose.
I've never thought about platypuses on a trampoline.
Do you think Nicholas Lyndhurst plays table tennis?
Good Friday, Bad Friday, Indifferent Friday.
Goodnight Christmas trees.
Goodnight dogfood tits.
Gordon broke the country.
Gordon Brown - Wasteman.
Gordon Brown caries on regardless.
Gordon Brown likes garage music.
Gordon Brown: Lunch box dog.
Gordon is a gopher.
Green screen cheese.
Lion-O hates you.
Grooming - and you and you and ba ba ba.
Grow a greengrocer in a toilet.
Gun-toting chinchillas, cha, cha, cha!
Guy Fawkes died - bang!
Guy Fawkes in my pants. Bang.
Guylian Chocolates, cha, cha, cha!
Ha, ha, Jesus has got your donkey.
Hadron Kaleidoscope.
Hair dryer tits.
Hairy wombed fish.
Half a wigwam over the ocean.
Hallway.
Han Solo.
Hands up Action Man.
Hands up Christmas doors.
Hands up if you're a sheep.
Hannah's pregnant.
Hans Christian Donkey Dog.
Happy Boxes for Babylon Day.
Happy Christmas Harry Enfield.
Happy Christmas titties.
Happy Christmas to you, happy Christmas to you, happy Christmas dear foreskin, happy Christmas to you.
Happy Complicated Love Lives Day.
Happy Crystal Meths Day.
Happy Dressing Up Like Benjamin Britten Day.
Happy Gender Specific Christmas.
Happy Hiccup Awareness Week.
Happy Liverpudlian Donkey Day.
Happy Myxomatosis Day.
Happy Nob on your Dog Day.
Happy Silly Dog Day.
Happy Stalin Christmas.
Happy Toilet Roll In Your Dog Day.
Harold Bishop died. Rambo killed him.
Harold Shipman is my hero.
Harry Potter weighed himself yesterday.
Hartlepool.
Hastings.
Have a consultation with your cock.
Have A Sausage In Your Pocket Day
Have a Tour of Jeremy Beadle's Bottom Day
Have sex with a biscuit, but do it gently.
Have you got Wizbit in your pizza?
Having Tourettes is like being kicked up the balls by Michael Jackson's mum.
Haze a biscuit.
Heal the world, make it a better place for James Cameron, Lucifer and donkey.
Heap of cheap cum on a bap.
Mind over sheepdog.
Heathcliff.
Heaven is a place on my mum's tonsils.
Hello buddy.
Hello fish.
Hello fucking chairs.
Hello luggage, hello lice, hello lisps.
Hello October, you're a dick.
Hello Squawky.
Help a hero into a biscuit factory.
Pocahontas milk float.
Hence squirrels ejaculate from the squares.
Hentai or frogspawn? Choose.
Here comes Squawky.
Hey buddy.
Hi.
High five Hitler.
Hook handed cleric Apple Hamza.
Horrible & Barrett.
Horse balls.
Horses or mums? Choose.
Hotwire your baby.
House of Flying Fish
How about your mother dates your dog?
How come I'm a door to my own dog?
How do I tell her I'm a shepherd?
How do you spell “squirrel'? How do you spell “shot in the bum'?
How often do you eat mums?
Hug a Care Bear with little bit of lipstick on.
Huh Huh.
I 'heart' cum.
I 'heart' robot legs.
I aimed a bullet at a cheese.
I alienated fourteen toes.
I am ducking and diving into a drain.
I am going to have crisps, and a loving relationship with my mother.
I am going to kill myself now because of you bastardface.
I am maid of honour to Jackie Chan's dog.
Your pyjamas play in a piano beautifully.
Would you milk a Jehovah's Witness call Freda?
Gluttonous glue sniffing kitten.
I've got a Roman centurion in my foreskin.
Who wants to fight Solange Knowles on the beaches?
Your mum is just a sheepdog, your mum is just a bear, floating on the majesty of Donald Trump's hair.
Born again lizard.
Who reviewed your mum's cunt?
Did Batman review your mum's cunt?
Batman in a pastry shop in Leeds with the whole of Hufflepuff.
Leftwing Idiot.
I am stuck in a Mothercare fuck off loop.
I answered your call to arms with a rabbit.
I backed out of David James's bum.
I bandied my life around yesterday.
I bank rolled Michael Parkinson.
I believe I can fuck on your mum's doorstep in 1984.
I believe in collagen, since you came along.
I believe in Sellotape, you sexy thing.
I believe in trial by dogs.
I bought Lion-O a piece of cheese.
I bought you a sled of teens making cream.
I broke danced my life away.
I broke my breasts in a baby accident.
I broke the back of a donkey in an ice rink.
I bullied a budgie into talking to sheep.
I came in 42 biscuits.
I came in a complex way in '42.
I care about my love life but not enough to make myself pretty.
I caved in and ate your mum.
I'm a biscuit. The world seems so big.
I changed a biscuit into a burgundy bear.
I climbed Kilimanjaro in a baby outfit.
I climbed Kilimanjaro in a cheap cheese biscuit.
I completed the science of cheese.
I cream my pants for God.
I deleted your dog.
I do.
I don't go out jumping.
I don't have Tourettes. I have a cat in my mind.
Pina colada bucket.
I don't want to see a biscuit bum a bear.
I entered a fist into Solomon Grundy.
I entered a penis into a chip shop.
I entered a penis into my mother.
I failed to talk about fish.
I flushed your life away.
I fucked a barnacle.
I fucked a biscuit with a biscuit while I was in a biscuit.
I fucked a cake, it was messy.
I fucked a can.
I fucked a kissing gate.
I fucked a lesbian with a hair clip.
I fucked a vole in '44.
I fucked Nicaragua, Yugoslavia and Yemen.
I fucked your dog.
I gave a piece of lettuce an ASBO.
I gave a spirited performance in my mind.
I gave a spirited performance on Mastermind.
I gave an armadillo a hand job.
I gave God a dead leg.
Professor Plum in the study with a rhino.
I got a wave of piss.
I grow my own donkey's.
I hate all C's: Cunts, cabbage, cats.
I hate dogging. It's a caveman's pursuit.
I hate God, God hates me. Mutual loathing.
I hate Shepherd's Bush and Mother Teresa's cunt.
I hate you and you and you and ba, ba, ba.
I hate you, I hate myself and I hate Christmas.
I have 14 GCSE's in crime.
I have 14 pink wafers in my fanny.
I have 1400 men in my pocket.
I have a baby otter in my pants.
I have a back up life.
I have a brown belt in Christmas.
I have a bum I don't use very much.
I have a confusing relationship with squirrels.
I have a diagram of Lassie on my penis.
I have a dream - Care Bear The Movie 4.
I have a face made of plasticine and poo.
I have a GCSE in crisp addiction.
I have a GCSE in lungs.
I have a mains supply to my head.
I have a present for Hitler.
I have a salami in my mind.
I have a strong interest in ladybird tits.
I have a tambourine in my chest.
I have a thinking man's penis.
I have an uncomfortable relationship with toads.
I have bigoted opinions about goats and guns and garage music.
I have several effigies of Keanu Reeves in my bathroom, ready to go.
I have too much knowledge for Scott Mills.
I haven't played tennis in forty-four years. I'm only three.
I held up a biscuit factory in Wales.
I hold my own with gibberish. I hold my own with donkeys.
I imprisoned my mum in donkey.
I is the light, I is the biscuit, I is the first letter in Igloo.
I just bit Christmas.
I just bit Shayne Ward.
I just called to tell you you're a breeze block.
I kicked myself to death yesterday.
I killed a Curly Wurly with a sausage and a cunt.
I knitted a dog for Jesus.
I lied about my age once, to a donkey.
I logged in to your life.
I love big dogs and I cannot lie.
I love big mums.
I love cumming in Jason Donovan's mum.
What about diagrams of wonder dogs?
I'm sincerely peaceful as a pin.
Can you photosynthesize a cat?
I need to press your mum's head into a sheep.
I'm your beary godmother.
Beary, it's like fairy but a bear.
18th century cats.
Toaster hijack.
Your mum is licking at the foreskin of an ant.
I love fucking backwards on the M4
I love fucking biscuits with a biscuit hammer.
I love fucking sheep with a brick.
I love fucking sheep. I love Welsh cum.
I love having sex with peanuts.
I love Lion-O.
I love logs.
I love to fish in my mother's love life with tinsel tied to my legs.
I love you biscuit. Fuck off biscuit.
I love you Chemical Weapon.
I love you kiwis.
I love you pickled onion tent.
I love you Pocahontas legs.
I love you poppet puppet.
I love you shaded donkey.
I made a tea towel out of crisps.
I made love in a Glade PlugIn.
I made love on a bed of plastic cutlery.
I married Lionel Blair in a pastry accident.
I might be a little bit strange but I'm not Morgan Freeman.
I missed an opportunity to be a biscuit.
I paid a biscuit to talk about God.
I posh ladled your dogfood.
I poshed up your dog.
I prayed for a cordless phone and got a gravy train.
I put Ronan Keating in your face.
I put your mum out of business.
I raped a biscuit. It crumbled.
I think Christmas might be a chief executive.
I raped a blade of grass in 1944.
I raped a squirrel in a bush.
I raped Tommy Hilfiger and a donkey.
I reduced a foal to tears.
I resent you for being a pillock disguised as a man.
I resent you for being Gremlins 2,3 and 4.
I rolled on acid once.
I sabotaged a teapot with a spaniel.
I sat on your knee in 1984.
I saw love once looking out of the window of an aeroplane, taking a biscuit to bed.
I say fortitude, you say sheep.
I scribbled on a cunt in '44.
I sellotaped my life to a bin bag.
I set up Christmas in a baby.
I spunked a sheep.
I squared off with Jason Donovan.
I stink of Basildon on the weekend.
I stripped out a bear.
I studied between the Lebanese embassy and the Horseradish Sauce School.
I talked a lesbian into seeing my mum.
I think I may have eaten Mother Teresa's cunt.
I think I might be cumming in a biscuit.
I think I might be in a baby.
I think I might eat Christmas.
I think I might have raped a goldfish forty years ago.
I think there might be a lesbian in my socks
I thought Germans were Christmas trees.
I threaded my dog's eyebrows.
I threw Jerusalem over the lion's den.
I tie-dyed my mum's hair when she was four.
I tore up a tortoise.
I violated a sheepdog.
I walked along my life with a spanner in my hand.
I want a baby to go to Bethlehem with.
I want Craig David.
I want to be injected with a job lot of Batman's Asprin.
I want to be suffocated by Siegfried Sassoon on heat.
I want to eat Guy Ritchie's face.
I want to have sex with Mother Teresa's manipulative mum.
I want to jump out of your fucking fish, mother fucking cunt.
I was a sheep made of shapes.
I was browsing a bishops penis.
I was once four ducks.
I was run over by a juggernaut in February 1992, in my mind.
I was touched by a biscuit forty-four years ago.
I weatherproofed my mum.
I weighed up Manchester - it's 14 lbs heavier than cheese.
I welded myself together.
I wish I had a ladybird in my life.
I won't compromise on cheese, I'm a biscuit.
I wont fuck the geranium, yet.
I would like a hovercraft in my head. Bust out the beach.
I yawned once, 42 years ago.
I'd like to be Postman Pat in 1944.
I'd like to see Christmas trees docking themselves on the moon.
I'll fuck a cheese with a dinky toy
I'll never be a Christmas tree.
I'm 100% Jade Goody's dog.
I'm 20º to the right of Christmas.
I'm 40% more biscuity than sheep.
I'm a 2D sheep.
I'm a BB gun for Salman Rushdie.
I'm a bi-sexual Christmas tree.
Overclock your soul.
Scalextrics Turtle Masturbation Hotline, Jeremy Horn speaking.
Who's put Hello Kitty on the barbecue?
Happy Easter, here's a steaming mug of bear urine.
Throw a Cornish pasty into the ocean.
Paul Daniels is the love child of Henry's Cat and the Easter bunny.
MC Parachute Apostle
I'm a badger's son.
The moment you were conceived your mum was fingering a badger.
I'm preparing to fuck your mum with a glove.
Fuck you 19th century bin bag.
I'm a biscuit, touched for the very first time.
I'm a cardboard cut-out of a 2D princess.
I'm a centurion disguised as a bat.
I'm a cheese grater in Arkansas.
I'm a cheeseboard in 1972.
I'm a claim form.
I'm a creosote man, draw on a face.
I'm a cross between a squirrel and a piece of toast.
I'm a cunt, je suis une cunt, Tilly Tom and Tiny.
One divided by eleven is a biscuit.
I'm a date with Eddie the Eagle Edwards.
I'm a dog, je suis une dog, Tilly Tom and Tiny.
I'm a duck from behind.
I'm a Facebook friend of: Christmas trees, Michael Aspel and the population of Barcelona.
I'm a field of cunts.
I'm a fortune cookie for Terry Waite.
I'm a fucked table-tennis champion from Rotherham.
I'm a fucking cunt, Mother Teresa.
I'm a God loving baby.
I'm a hologram of Jimmy Savile's tombstone.
Salad dressing dolphin.
I'm a horticultural assassin.
I'm a hundred times more likely to be a biscuit than a man.
I'm a hundred times more likely to be Shepherds Bush than Margate.
I'm a Lebanese balloon animal.
I'm a lesbian, I'm a lettuce bin.
I'm a licensed cum-cheese seller.
I'm a Lion King survivor.
I'm a little bit high on crack down a well.
I'm a little bit like Gordon Ramsey's cock: fat and made of sperm.
I'm a little donkey short and stout.
I'm a little potty, fill me up with wee.
I'm a little sheepdog's cunt.
I'm a little teapot short and cunty.
I'm a love letter from Jerusalem straight to Dick Van Dyke.
I'm a maid of honor at Barbara Windsor's mum's house.
I'm a million surfaces short of a picnic.
I'm a miscellaneous pool of bits.
I'm a prisoner in my own penis.
Kangaroos have souls too.
I'm a roller disco in Courtney Cox's mind.
I'm a Roman Catholic priest in a performance of Oliver Twist.
I'm a sawn-off shotgun kind of person.
I'm a sorting office for cheese.
I'm a sorting office for donkeys.
I'm a species of puddle.
I'm a square.
I'm a stone masquerading as a person.
I'm a summary of my mum.
I'm a summary of myself.
I'm a tiny Puerto Rican lesbian.
I'm a tiny titted mum.
I'm a torn again Christian.
I'm a turd biscuit.
I'm a turd made of tinsel.
I'm a vortex for biscuits.
I'm almost as inadequate as a cum-bag.
I'm amazing!
I'm ashamed, Duncan Goodhew came in my pants.
I'm Batman's toilet roll.
I'm bearing a cum baby.
I'm Bi-Biscuity.
I'm Bi-Sellotape.
I'm Buddy, Bobby Davro's tortoise.
I'm carrying the weight of a Christmas tree on my back.
I'm controlled by donkeys, dark forces and lesbians.
I'm cumming in a gale force wind; September 1987.
I'm diving into the sea with Peter Sellers on my fingertips.
I'm drunk and disorderly in a teapot.
I'm drunk on mum's bits.
I'm drunk on the spirit of cheese.
I'm fucking up my life with a biscuit.
I'm full of bones.
I'm glad you saved a life jacket from being a biscuit.
I'm going river dancing with the Pope.
I'm going to base myself on a statue of a mermaid.
I'm going to call my child Fish Finger.
I'm going to call my first child Donkey and my second child Ladle.
I'm going to crawl up your dog's penis.
I'm going to crawl up your mother's dog's penis.
I'm going to fuck a sheep with a lemon after dinner.
I'm going to jump backwards off my life.
I'm going to nail my mum to a cross.
I'm going to panic-buy cheese.
Oh Romeo, wear out your mother's thighs.
I'm going to rape that bush with a duck.
I'm going to rummage around in a donkey's sexual organs.
I'm going to stab myself with a Meerkat in the morning.
I'm going to tell a sheepdog how to cum in my mum.
I'm going to wax my bikini line with cheese.
I'm going to wipe my nose with a disco ball.
I'm Grade Eight donkey dodging.
I'm Grade Eight sheepdog.
I'm having a wee.
Have you got a sorting system for goats?
You're just a turtle-farming sheepdog.
Lamp-post stop living off the state.
Jason Orange died, Howard Stern fucked him up the bum.
Let's get the long weekend a bumper seat.
Don't mix the long weekend up with long division.
Spend the long weekend with Captain Hook and an animated raisin.
Dramatic Owl flash mob
Toaster flash mob.
Sandra Bullock flash mob.
I'm in the mood for donkeys and chunky teenagers.
I'm in the mood for fucking a goat.
I'm irritating God. He says, Strike her down with a Lassie toilet.
I'm just a poor cheese from a poor family.
I'm just going to sit and stroke a donkey until it says, 'Biscuit'.
I'm just going to stand in the corner and bitch about a parrot.
I'm just looking for an excuse to cum on my mum's beanie.
I'm Just Williams tits.
I'm like a ship, passing my mum in the night.
I'm Lionel Blair phobic.
I'm living ketchup reality and I'm a donkey.
I'm made of Cheese. I'm almost 100% Cheese.
I'm making biscuits out of crack cocaine and marzipan.
I'm making the world echo.
I'm marginally Spanish.
I'm mayor of Littlehampton for Thursday night only.
I'm medium scared of cum.
I'm micro-managing Paul Weller.
I'm more biscuity than Fred West.
I'm more of a shit than a crisp.
I'm only sexually compatible with pandas.
I'm over excited about sheep!
I'm painting with my dog's tail.
I'm part of the radical movement of pigs.
I'm Perry Mason's cheeseburger.
I'm possessed by the spirit of a pisshead.
I'm pregnant with my mum's dog.
I'm quarter past eleven, five times over.
I'm ready to join the National Squirming Team now.
I'm really fucking dogging.
I'm resident DJ at Kenneth Branagh's house.
I'm resident philanthropist at a cheese factory.
I'm sailing away with Enya's donkey tits.
I'm selling baths with Donna Kebabs
I'm sexually compatible with Lion King.
I'm slightly regretting being a dog.
I'm so fed up of being a Christmas tree.
I'm sorry for crashing my life into yours.
I'm striking a blow for the pigeons.
I'm swearing at Jason Donovan pretending to be a penis.
I'm taking my toes off.
I'm talking David Attenborough into a dancing competition.
I'm the beginning of the end of the world.
I'm the Bishop of baby dogs.
I'm the final solution.
I'm The Legend of Billie Jean.
I'm the Mayor of Asda.
I'm the most important person in the room.
I'm unhappy about the biscuit situation in Sierra Leone.
I'm Wagamama phobic.
I'm with Squawky.
I'm writing War and Peace in my mind.
I've done in the whole of Durham.
I've gone to shit in my mum's dog.
I've got a 50% chance of being a Christmas tree.
I've got a baby in my bottom.
I've got a beating cunt in my heart.
I've got a dog in mind. It's called Jimmy.
I've got a fat handbag made of crocodile cum.
I've got a lethal cat in my mum.
I've got a present for Christmas, it's a chainsaw.
I've got a present for Hitler, it's a date with Jodie Marsh.
I've got a wheel arch made of cheese.
I've got Alien Biscuit syndrome.
I've got an automatic tenpin bowling Christmas tree machine.
I've got breasts made of iron.
I've got crack in my pants.
I've got dangerous Dave Cameron's hands around my neck.
I've got you a standing ovation for Christmas.
I've got you an ovarian cyst for Christmas.
I've thought about it, I'm a donkey.
I'd like Babar the Elephant Does Acid.
I'll give a donkey a blowjob for £2.50.
I'll give a horse a blowjob for a fiver.
There's a barn dance in my mind.
I'm a cum crime.
I'm a date with Jimmy Savile's torso.
I'm a dirty cum-cheese.
I'm a dirty little cream cheese.
I'm a disco denier.
I'm a free running Ladybird.
I'm a horrible little door.
I'm a pair of Mark Morrison's tits.
I'm a pause in a porno in 1964.
I'm a popup tent in Sainsbury's.
I'm a senior lecturer in t-shirt tits.
I'm an abbreviated god.
I'm an alien in Harlsden.
I'm an urban cheese.
I'm building Christopher Reeves a leg.
I'm dating a sheep.
I've just become a shovel-headed teenager.
Ian Huntley: Christmas tree.
Cats flash mob.
Mr Bean flash mob.
Basket weaving flash mob.
I love voting for cool cats.
The cowboy sheepdog's tea party with stained glass noodles.
How many lightning bolts made owls cry on the 18th January?
How many fantasy football players does it take to erect an umbrella?
What's the sheep-to-vole ratio in Kettering?
Name the type of plant that makes the clouds see stars.
If you were being chased by a pack of dogs, would you eat crisps with Mother Teresa or talk about cunts?
If you're a catapult and you know it, stand on your biscuit.
If you're a parent of a child under four, take them to the doctor if their tortoise is alive.
If you're a parent of a child under four, turn them out in Scarlett Johansson's bed.
If you're aardvark and you know it, clap your hands.
If you're happy and you know it, cut your cock off.
If you're happy and you know it, do a shit in the corner.
If you're happy and you know it, clap a lesbian on the back.
In a single instant Matthew obliterated a ketchup dog.
Sundried tomato apostrophe.
In a single instant Winston Churchill raped my mum.
In the beginning Lily Allen licked her vagina.
International Donkey Symposium
Iron Man raped a squirrel with a track-suit on.
Is your mum in your love life?
It suits a squirrel to take a bath in Jesus' cum.
It would look better with Artex.
It's all over when Boris Johnson sings.
It's Gorgeous Greek Girl Assembly Day.
It's Holy Communion Union Day.
One wizard sanding down the parts of a picture.
It's National Give Gordon Brown a Biscuit Day.
It's not Breast Cancer Week, it's Biscuit Week.
It's the Sheepdog Cum Bag Party.
It's pony cunts gone mad.
Jack Daniel's and dogfood.
Jacket potato cum.
Jason Donovan, fearsome force for good.
Jason Orange is dead.
Jennifer Aniston cried on my face.
Jesus and Basic Instinct are the same.
Jesus fell over the rainbow, Jesus fell over the sea, Jesus fell over the rainbow, don't fuck up your Jesus for me.
Jesus has a haberdashery.
Jesus has a head.
Jesus has a lightsaber.
Jesus has a torso.
Jesus loves My Little Ponies.
Jesus raped a vegetable.
Jesus says cometh into your mum.
Jesus's hand touched my eye ball.
Jews or cheese? Choose.
Jews or choose? Choose.
Jews or shoes? Choose.
Jihad or crisps? Choose.
Jim Davidson killed your soul.
Jim doesn't fix it for most people. Not you or you or ba ba ba.
Jim fixed it for at least four lesbians.
Jim'll Fix It for fish and whales and crisps.
Jim'll fix it for your mum's cunt to be on fire.
Jim'll fuck off to Bognor Regis.
Jimmy Savile titty fucked my dog.
Jodie Kidd died playing polo with rhinos.
Jodie Kidd died poking her tongue through a polo.
John Humphrys has a waggy tail.
Johnny Vaughan, ketamine survivor.
Joy Division killed your soul.
Judge Judy says Hi. Fuck off she's a decisive woman.
Jumper spunk.
Junk food is bad for mums but ok for Tiger Woods.
Just for the record, I'm a poor imitation of a pair of socks.
Just talk straight into the head of a biscuit.
Kanye West died in 2005.
Kanye West killed Rupert Bear yesterday.
Kayak up my river.
Keanu Reaves - Wasteman.
Keith Allen's joined a cult.
Kellogg's Life Krispies.
Rubber ducks at dawn.
Kellogg's Righteous Krispies
Kelloggs crispy blades of grass.
Kellogs Crispy Cunts
Kenneth Branagh loves Christmas.
Kenneth Branagh or Pilates? Choose.
Keta, keta, keta, keta, Ketamine.
Ketamine or Kellogs? Choose.
Kevin Spacey's in your mouth, take a bite.
Kick your love life in the backside. Take a horse to bed.
Killer Whale cock.
King Russell.
Kiss a whale.
Kiss my legs later.
Kitchen appliance amnesty.
Kite Runner, Road Runner, Drug runner, Runner runner, Runner bean
Kiwi fruit or cushions? Choose.
Knees up Christopher Reeve.
Knight riding fish.
Knock me out before you go go.
Kris Kross will make you fish in your mum.
Ku Klung Klung.
Kum buy Bob Geldof.
Kum buy sheep music for Salvation Army shoppers.
Kum by Paul Oakenfold, kum by.
Kurt killed himself yesterday. An unsuccessful resuscitation attempt was carried out.
Kyle lies about his age.
Kyle's aged dramaticaly over the years.
Ladders are amazing!
What song did Prince hum in the shower this morning?
What happens when a tree farts?
Do doves like grime?
Describe the end of the rave scene using only the word gnome.
Quilted king-size penguin.
Dreamboat penguin pillow set.
Penguin and horse friendship throw.
Pig on a hot tin horse.
Lady Gardens R Us
Lake.
Land of hope and shortage.
Language or fisting? Choose.
Laser guided fairy tits.
Laser guided sheepdog cum.
Laser guided worm fetish.
Last week I raped your fish.
Laura Queen of Scotland.
Laura, Queen of Gordon Ramsey's love.
Leggings or low riding tops? Choose.
Leggings.
Lego is for life not just for Christmas.
Legoland Windsor, can I help you?
Les Dennis-bian
Les Dennis, Margaret Thatcher? Choose.
Lesbian in a balloon.
Lesbian is more.
Lesbian Sexicle.
Lesbians at dawn.
Lesbians on Acid and Ice
Lesbians on crack do donkeys.
Let's go bumming with Baby Bear.
Let's go dogging in Stanstead.
Let's go fishing in your mother's cunt.
Let's go from A to bed.
Let's go to Corned Beef Island.
Let's have a 'design your own cunt' party.
Let's have a moment's silence for Ketamine.
Let's have two minutes silence for peas.
Let's lick out Jesus.
Let's make a silent movie with your mother.
Let's panic buy fish.
Let's play thumb-war with a donkey.
Let's put our savings in crisps.
Let's put tombolas in a horse's dick.
Let's take a bath with Jesus.
Lets talk about fish now.
Lettuce.
Ley lines through your dog.
Ley lines through your mum.
Lib Dem Man Dems.
Lick out Laura Ashley's dog.
Life begins at squirrel.
Light up the dog and let the flame burn. Jesus is coming, all over his sperm.
Lightsaber or toothpick? Choose.
Line dance with a lizard.
Lion-O died - cat AIDS.
Lion-O is better than your mum at knitting crisps.
Lion-O loves lace.
Lion-O loves you.
Lion-O or Blair? Choose.
Lion-O, wasteman.
Little Bo Peep has lost her pants and said goodbye to the circus.
Sign a treaty with a bear.
Little Calf on the Dairy
Little donkey, little donkey, on the road to Cambridge Heath.
Little donkey, little donkey, rub a baby, rub a baby.
Little House on the Cuntface
Little House on the Ladybird.
Llama legs.
Llama tits.
Loads of fish.
Lobster balls.
Lobster tits.
Log on.
Login.
Logout.
London's burning biscuits.
Long division killed your soul.
Long jump or tits? Choose.
Lord Lesbian of Sheepskin Cum
Lucifer and the Lettuce
Lucy in the sky with a cautious attitude to sex.
Lucy in the sky with pencils.
Ludicrous cum: Minty.
Lunchbox of Notre Dame.
M ma, m ma, m ma, m ma, Mat-man
M, m, m, m, m, m, mamagram.
Mace.
Mahogany or cunts? Choose.
Make a pencil from apricot skin.
Make biscuits apologise to biscuits.
Make bread with your toys.
Make the noise of a shell suit.
Malcolm X died Christmas tree shopping with Eline for X Factor.
Malcolm X has gone Morris dancing in Stoke on Trent now.
Mancunian Mr Man
Margaret milked your mother.
Margaret Thatcher died of AIDS.
Market research gave me herpes.
The Bear era.
The David Blaine era.
The Basingstoke era.
The Dog era.
Biscuit, hedgehog
Bear yoga - it's like yoga but with naked bears.
Air-phobics - it's like aerobics but without breathing.
Pi-rates - it's like pilates but with pirates.
Lamp-post, you're dustier than a derelict talcum powder factory.
I've got a pretend Swedish aunt.
Market research gave you herpes.
Marmite in Magaluf.
Marmite soldiers died in Iraq.
Marsupial.
Mary Queen of Scots or Westfield? Choose.
Maryland biscuits are bad for you but not for Hitler.
Masculine handjob.
Masonry bit or Jedi? Choose.
Masonry bit or leggings? Choose.
Massive cancer or AIDS? Choose.
Your bum's gone roller disco.
Master of the Biscuitverse.
Matt emulsion.
Matt farted in '42 on Jemima Puddle-Duck.
Matthew and Beethoven are the same man.
Matthew broke the shower in 101 ways.
Matthew broke the shower.
Matthew checked a biscuit into a biscuit factory.
Matthew keyed a Lama with a biscuit.
Matthew loves sunshine bear.
Matthew Pountney hates God and the future.
Matthew Pountney pays a baby.
Matthew Pountney played for crystal palace in the 90s.
Matthew Pountney, made in Tawian.
Matthew Pountney, pick pocket.
Matthew Pountney: AIDS baby.
Matthew Pountney: Barn Owl.
Matthew's eating rubber duck pussy.
Mayan mystic mum.
Meerkats gave you herpes.
Michael Aspel evaporated.
Michael Aspel had his head in the clouds.
Michael Aspel is amazing!
Michael Aspel: Christmas tree.
Michael Heseltine's mouth was full of tampon.
Michael Jackson died because he was a shit.
Michael Portillo died cheesing off his tortoise.
Mickey Mouse can suck your cock for two months in prison.
Special needs dog.
Middle class duck toy.
Mild green Fairy dip shit.
Mild green Fairy worm cum.
Milk mummy like a baby.
Milk.
Mince pie baby.
Mind control to Major Christmas.
Mind over donkey-tits.
Mind over matchbox.
Mind-control to Major Fish
Minty fresh donkey cum.
Minty fresh donkey fart.
Misty eyed mum is in your penis.
Mitsubishi or sheep? Choose.
Mixed advice on crisps.
Mogadishwasher.
Mongoose or chips? Choose.
Monkey Balls. Monkey Balls 3.
Morgan Freeman or chips? Choose.
Mother Teresa - biscuit barrel.
Mother Teresa evaporated.
Mothers are dying all over the land.
Mould your tears into cheese.
Mr Bump elongated a donkey.
Mr, Mr, Christmas Tree.
Mutton dressed as donkey.
My anus is a biscuit barrel.
My biological father is a lemon.
My brain's gone to Bonnie Scotland.
My conception was appalling.
My cunt died of boredom in 2002.
My cunt died: Bananarama overload.
My heart is a combine harvester.
My heart is a fax machine.
My mind is weak, my tea is strong.
My mum electrocuted a dentist.
My mum is a mason.
My mum is a metaphor for Magnus Magnusson.
My mum is gathering her skirts in readiness.
My mum's a donkey turd.
My mum's a revolutionary biscuit.
My mum's gone away for the weekend with a crisp.
My mum's joyriding with a Christmas tree.
My mum's on a roller-coaster in Scotland, trapped by a bear.
My mum's pregnant with a penis.
My vagina's like a fortress.
Mystic Meg says, 'Shoot yourself now.'
Naked lesbian with nosebleed.
Nan Pants Weekender
Natasha Kaplinsky - Wasteman.
National Crispy Dog Day
National Danny Glover Day
National Dogfood Week
Lamp-post, don't do any strenuous exercise.
Operation Desert Lamp-post.
Dusty lamp-post, are you the cousin of Dusty Bin?
Lamp-posts, stop dancing with the dust.
Lamp-posts, imagine if you were stuck in a sand dune.
Zac Efron lacy pyjama hotline - Diane Abbott speaking.
Zac Efron tea towel and spatula-ette set.
Zac Efron, take me to a dolphin sanctuary.
National Give Bangladesh a Pat on the Back Day
National Give Your Dog Ketamine Day.
National Kitten on Your Sock Day
National Turn Your Dog Upside-down Day
Nazi horse.
Nazi horses knit socks to send their grans.
Negative equity.
Neil Armstrong loves you, depending on the cycles of the moon.
Nellie the Elephant rocked my pants.
Nelson Mandela says cunt.
Nelson Mandela says shut up Jess.
Nice to see you, to see you, fuck off.
Nice up your Christmas tree.
Night knight riding fish.
Night-night nature. Fuck off babies.
Nightmare on Mum Street.
Nike Air Max: 2D Sheep.
Nitrogen by proxy.
No Ifs no Buts, no Care Bears in my guts.
No ifs, no buts, no sheepdog cumming cuts.
No one owns Tourettes, Tourettes owns me.
Norma Major's in your mouth, take a bite.
Norman.
Normandy landing, cha, cha, cha!
Nottinghill Carnival, the only carnival for Care Bears.
Oh frisky dog, kum buy sheep.
Oh hello lovely day, fuck you!
Oh my God I'm a flask of cum!
Oh potato, Kumbaya.
Oli has a little bear.
On your marks, get set, donkey sex!
On your marks, get set, fuck a dog.
On your marks, get set, laughing.
Once enchanted squarezie.
Once more into the donkey, dear friend.
Once upon a time forty years ago, Shepherds Bush went to Scotland.
Once upon a time in Cambridge Heath, Garry Glitter raped my squirrel.
Once upon a time, a Ketamine survivor called Chris talked about cheese.
Once upon a time, Christmas cracked a dog open.
One enchanted pisshead.
One more baby dog in the world, breast fed by my mum.
One Shoe Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Oprah Winfrey hates Jews.
Out of space is way too big.
Override a biscuit.
Pac Man ate your mum.
Paddington Bear gang bang. Little Grey Rabbit died.
Parcelforce or chips? Choose.
Part exchange your penis for a toothpick.
Part exchange your penis for Jesus.
Partridge.
Pass Harry Potter to the left hand side.
Pass the biscuit to the left hand side.
Pass the Duck Tape John.
Pass the purple rain.
Passive aggressive pony.
PAT test your carpet.
Paul-Daniel-Craig-David.
Pay as you go penis.
PDF energy.
Peacock bum.
Peck on your mum.
Peckham twinned with Titties.
Pencil me in for a blow job.
Pencil skirt.
Penis in your pocket.
Periscope up your bottom.
Pesto, pesto, piss.
Peter Andre shat out his tits.
Peter Mandelson ate Annie the wolf.
Peter Mandelson raped Sunshine Bear.
Phil Mitchell died, Rambo killed him.
Pick up your dog and walk.
Pickled onion forced you out of your career.
Pieces of 4x4.
Pilot light or tits? Choose.
Pilot light.
Pina Colada toothbrush.
Ping pong anuses.
Pipette of piss.
Piss off November.
Piss off primate.
Pissing in the wind of change.
Pissing your mum up the wall gives you wrinkles.
Placemat.
Please pass your love on a plate made of glass.
Plug in your mummy.
Poirot pubes.
Poleaxe your dog.
Polish your dog.
Pony cunt.
Plastic bag, moulding yourself into the shape of an onion is no longer enough.
Plastic bag, you're worth more than the long sigh of a sheep.
Carrier bag, your career is over.
Carrier bags are so last season. Get a pigeon.
Plastic bag, dancing in the wind, get a job.
Armadillo the Hun
I was born inside a Velociraptor's cunt.
Have you got a tit switch?
Oh my God the ostriches are drunk on power.
Zac Efron dangerous dogs diagram.
Zac Efron hit me in the face.
Your Socrates is showing.
I fucked your mum and I did it with a twig.
You can't get a copper to punt a jelly over the roof.
Penguin gangbang.
Squirty at thirty.
Coolio died, knitting.
Pope or prison? Choose.
Postman Pat gave me Herpes.
Powerslide to Jesus.
Prefabricated Mother Teresa.
Press the space bear.
Prince of Darkness, Prince of Wales, Prince of Cum.
Push up your penis with pencil.
Put a hosepipe ban on your forehead.
Put a rope on it.
Put Christopher Reeve on hold.
Put your dick on a tin.
Put your leg in my mouth.
Put your mitre on backwards.
Pyramid pants.
Quick, God's run out of tampons!
Quicksand is for kids.
Quietly.
Racism or tornadoes? Choose.
Racist ladybirds are bad for your health.
Raggedy pants.
Rain down piss heads on my mum.
Rain Man and Matthew are different people.
Ramadan or Lovebox? Choose.
Rambo died. Saint John killed him.
Rambo Killed the Radio Star.
Ramekin ballet.
Rampant homosexual Christmas tree.
Rancid fish.
Ratatouille disaster zone.
Razorlight ran out of jogging bottoms.
Ready, steady, fuck your mother.
Ready, steady, vest hire.
Rebecca and Russell are engaged.
Relativity killed the radio star.
Rich people or biscuits? Choose.
Richard or Judy? Choose.
Right, Michael Aspel's dead, take over the world.
Righteous Donkey and the Babylonian Piss Heads.
Rigor mortis covered lovlies.
Rim up a moon.
Robocop lost his mum.
RoboGod.
Roger Moore died pissing his own baby out of his bottom.
Roger the donkey with a baklava.
Roll-on dog food.
Rouge trading bottom.
Rough book or Logotron? Choose.
Rough books or tennis? Choose.
Rub a biscuit into your clitoris at ninety degrees.
Rub A Dog On Your Penis Day.
Rub his penis on your lion.
Rub your pussy in the dirt.
Rubbish bin, rubbish bin, wherefore art thou rubbish bin?
Rule Britannia, Britannia rule Bob Dylan.
Run a, Run a, Run a, Run a, Runner bean.
Run a, Run a, Run a, Run a, Runny bean.
Run at your dog.
Runner, runner, runner, runner Christmas bean.
Russell broke his leg.
Russell broke the shower, but he did not shoot the deputy.
Russell broke the shower.
Russell fell out of a worm hole.
Russell gave a spirited performance in bed with my mum.
Russell had a love affair with your mum and Guy Ritchie.
Russell has my periods.
Russell is a fish - No.
Russell is a lesbian - No.
Russell Lucas has an amazing ability to read minds and talk about love with reptiles.
Russell take the bullet.
Russell takes drugs.
Russell took a bullet for my mum.
Russell's been overclocked.
Russell's sexually compatible with aliens.
Sam has a felt penis.
Sam's a one man crime wave in charity shops all over the country.
Samuel Pepys: Lawn muncher.
Santa is coming all over my mum.
Save your dogs for my mum.
Saw up your cum.
Seal up your bum.
Search for my soul on a database made of hay.
Secret tunnel to Taylor Swift.
Seed pod, I pod, frog pod, dog pod.
Sellotape all cunts to the wall.
Sellotape legs.
Sellotape Survivor's Day
Sellotape tits.
Sellotape.
Send mummy to Romania in a tea towel.
Sugar piss, Spike Milligan, cat AIDS.
Grow your own sustainable cunt.
I cried a sheepdog over sheep.
I sucked the sheriff, but I didn't suck the deputy.
My short-term goal is to not fuck a goat.
Do you think Jennifer Love Hewitt would look better with a dorsal fin?
Imagine you're a pigeon in a leotard of hope.
Lava lamp vagina.
Draw on the face of a gnat.
Send the children out and headbutt the wall.
Sexually frustrated dogfood.
Shall we ask Christmas where he's going?
Shall we get a cab to Mozambique?
Shall we make a cloakroom out of donkeys?
Shall we talk about fish?
Shall we talk Wolverhampton into sex with Barbados?
Shall we tell Mummy she's a Christmas tree?
Shall we wank over Jodie Marsh or Christopher Reeves?
Shambolic tics.
Shambolic tits.
Shave your own mum.
She-Ra died painting eggs for Christmas trees.
Sheepdog gunman.
Sheepdog in a Hummer.
Sheepdog on the inside, squaresey on the outside: Barry Manilow.
Sheepdogs are amazing.
Shepherd's Bush or love? Choose.
Shepherds Bush or Shepherds Pie? Choose.
Shine Jesus shine, fill my mum with Ketamine. Deaden her to the world.
Shine Jesus shine, fill your land with balloon dogs.
Shire horse cum.
Shit out a rainbow.
Shit out your art.
Shit, shit, shitting on heaven's door.
Shotgun donkey cum.
Shotgun, cheese and beans.
Shower your dog with praise. Shower your dog with AIDS. Shit on your dog.
Shutter speed, shut your mind, shut up.
Siegfried Sassoon and the Whale Keeper
Sign off squirrel tits.
Silly putty.
Simon Allen: Christmas tree.
Simon Allen: Ladybird.
Simon Allen: Lobster.
Simon Allen: Tortoise
Simon Cowell raped her with his tail.
Sit down on Teesside.
Size matters to Jesus.
Slide into my mum's womb.
Snog a milk bottle.
Snowman erection, flying through the air. Run your fingers through his hair.
Some people think I'm bonkers, I just think I'm Tony Blair's tits.
Some people think I'm Bonkers, I just think I'm Leonard Cohen.
Someone's being barren my Lord, kumbaya.
Someone's eaten all the Haribo my Lord.
Somewhere under Keanu Reeves but behind the sofa, biscuits ate a cheese.
Sooty speaks to Simon backwards.
Sooty speaks to Simon.
Sort it out science.
Space-shuttle-cheese-burger-fucking-dick.
Spaceage man.
Air-phobics – it's like aerobics but without breathing.
Spellbinding man.
Sperm face.
Sperm Whales jizzing all over the sea.
Spirit level for your soul.
SpongeBob PyramidPants
SpongeCake, BobPants.
Spontaneous combustion is bad for you.
Spontaneous combustion legs.
Sporehead.
Square cheese is the cousin of lychees.
Square tits round hole.
Squeeze be with you.
Squeeze or squeeze? Cheese.
Squirrel lover.
Squirrel loving fish.
Squirrel willy.
Squirrel, squirrel, squirrel, fashion.
Squirrel, squirrel.
Squirrel.
Squirrels ejaculate over their mums on Sundays.
Squishy, squirrel love.
Stand clear from the closing yardie.
Stand clear of the closing fish.
Stand clear of the donkey cum.
Stand up Christopher Reeves.
Stand up sheep.
Stand up, clap hands, shout conkers.
Standardise your Arian man.
Standardise your Liverpudlian donkey.
Staple your world to the tortoise.
Static Vampire Machine.
Stationary action now.
Steal a dog, take it to the circus, train it to do mum's Christmas shopping.
Stencilitis.
I can belly dance whilst holding AstroTurf in my hand.
How many dandelions will it take to fit in an otter's vagina?
Imagine Kylie Minogue was invested in pickles.
Do you think pears are a bit like pickled onions but with gay intestines?
Fuck your papaya with a farting elephant.
I'm with bucket-brain.
Sharpie by name, donkey by nature.
Your ankles are 10 times thicker than your cunt.
Stockwell Bikini Boys.
Stop, look and Christen.
Stop.
Strangle your mum with tinsel.
Stuff my mouth with pencils.
Suck up a Spaniard.
Suntandandare.
Superglue your mum to your dog.
Supplement my income with fish.
Swallow your own legs.
Sweat like a leopard on speed.
Sweep up Swindon.
Sweet dreams made of love and packets of crisps.
Sweet Jesus, I'm a masturbater.
Swindon or Sweden? Choose.
T-shirts are for wankers.
Table tennis.
Table wanking, Biscuit wanking, Mother Teresa wanking
Table, table, table.
Tailor made in Sutton.
Take a dirty picture of a pigeon.
Take a llama for a joyride.
Take a shit in the beach with the sound of the police.
Take baked goods to the moon for Gandhi.
Take Harrison Ford out to lunch, rape a dog.
Take the bullet train to Basildon.
Talking horseradish into donkey sex.
Talking to Whales by Chris Moyles.
Tarmac your carpet.
Tart.
Taylor Swift told my mum to kill herself.
Tea coloured underwear is bad for mums.
Team Dog Head
Teddy Rukspin died.
Teddy Sheringham turfed over my kittens.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Fuck-Buddy.
Telescopic penis.
Teletubby tits.
Tell Gordon to get out of the corner.
Tented love.
Terabyte of tits.
The Bangles are playing with their penis on my bed.
The Beast of Bodmin ate my mum.
The Beast of Bodmin might be me.
The beast of Bodmin's in my telly.
The bright side of the biscuit.
The Camembert Massacre.
The Christmas Tree List, it's like Schindler's List but for Christmas trees.
The Christmas trees are unionised.
The Day of the Dick Washer
The Day of the Dishwasher
The elephant left the room.
The famous acid biscuit of Baghdad.
The first fuck is the deepest.
The freemasons in no particular order are: Nigella Lawson, Barry Manilow, David Hasselhof, Paul Merton.
The humour of sellotape, the humour of sheepdogs, the humour of lesbian tits.
The lesbians are on fire!
The lesbians are on me.
The police keep talking about my mum's cock. A lot.
The power of curtains.
The power of picnic tables.
The probability of a sheep cumming in my mum is 40%.
The valley of the shadow of sheep.
The velociraptor comes tonight.
The waves are lapping at my foreskin.
The wise man built his cum upon the poor.
The wise man built his donkey on the sheep.
The world seems so cruel to cheese.
There are 700 men in my mum's bed drumming biscuits into her head.
There's a 10% chance I'm Tori Amos
There's a 14% chance I'm a date with Jesus.
There's a bank manager in my bra.
There's a biscuit in your bed making sex toys with Spanish people.
There's a Christmas tree counting down the minutes to my death.
There's a Dachshund in the oven, turn it on.
There's a diagram of Doris Day's dick on my bum.
There's a Doberman in my mum's penis.
There's a dog in my womb having a bath.
There's a dog in your wallet, wash your hands.
There's a donkey lurking in your tits tonight.
There's a ferret in your soul, cut it out.
There's a hanky in your pants, save a bear.
There's a horse whisperer in my bathroom.
There's a hosepipe ban on your mum.
There's a lemon in my lung.
There's a lesbian in my wallet taking crack.
There's a light sabre in my mum's tea-set.
There's a lizard in my mum's tiny little mind.
There's a load of shit falling from my lovely head.
There's a man in your bed, hose him down.
There's a moon landing in Swiss Cottage next Tuesday.
There's a rice cake where your heart used to be.
Fuck a bear with a piece of Pat Butcher.
Sesame Street drugs cartel.
Your mum loves the Normans.
Imagine that dust was just an illusion made by a fox.
Were you separated at birth from a cod liver oil tablet?
David Spermy.
David Seaman, spermy.
The moon is allergic to your semen.
I've got 15 years of fairies to live up to.
There's a riot in your mind, keep it burning.
There's a sandpit in your mind.
There's a snail's penis in my mum.
There's a special needs dog in my womb.
There's a squirrel in your pants, take a bath.
There's a squirrel in your pants, take a bow.
There's a squirrel pissing in your bed now, look.
There's a werewolf in your bed.
There's a wino in my socks.
There's a worm at the bottom of my teapot.
Search for the hope inside yourself and magnify it through a teabag.
There's a worm in your pocket, switch it on.
There's an owl in your mum.
There's rioting in Bognor Regis.
There's a cannabis plant in Debbie Harry's mind.
There's a diplodocus in my sandals taking Spanish.
Theres a 20% chance I'm a lunatic.
Think of a number between 4 and 10. Divide it by 10. Rape it up the wall.
This alien is reversing.
This Is Your Life. Of crime.
This vehicle is reversing.
This vehicle is talking about you.
Throat tits.
Thrush or hedgehog in your vagina? Choose.
Thunderbolts, Thundercats, or thunder piss heads?
Tidal wave of fabric softening mums.
Tidal wave of wine.
Tie-dying is amazing!
Tiger loving bear.
Tiger Prawns eat their own young.
Tightrope walking Teletubby tits.
Times your mum by your dog and divide it by Craig David.
Tina Turner sucks cock through her tiny mouth.
Tina Turner.
Titty fuck your mum into oblivion.
Titty teeth.
Tizzard.
To me, to me, to me, to you, to you, fuck off.
Toaster.
Toblerone or dogs? Choose.
Toby Anstis wrote off my mum's dog.
Toiletries are amazing!
Toiletries or cheese? Choose.
Tonsil dick.
Tony Blair sucks cock through his tiny mouth.
Tony Blair sucks cock through his tiny mouth. Mother fucking cunt.
Too many broken biscuits in the world.
Too many broken hearts in the cottage pie.
Torrential donkey tits.
Torsos are dangerous.
Tortoise.
Tortoises cheated on their mums.
Torvill and Dean sucked out my mum.
Totally addicted to crisps.
Totally addicted to keys.
Totally addicted to mums.
Totally adjustable mind.
Touch mummy's vagina with a Kiwi.
Tourettes doesn't have Christmas, it has a cunt.
Touretteshero is a cream cracker dog.
Try and do surgery with your mind.
Tu Tu.
Twinkle, twinkle little sixth form cunt.
Twisted fish.
Two Donkeys, One Torso.
Two million squirrels talk about Jesus.
Umbrella tits
Understanding Christmas by Gloria Hunniford.
Vanilla Iced a biscuit.
Very lucrative deal with your mother.
Viagra killed the radio star.
Viagra wrecked your soul.
Wa, Wa, Wa, Waaa.
Walk over hot coals on cold mornings.
Walthamstow Dog Track or mothers? Choose.
Wan Kermit.
Wank with a spanner.
Wanking off a peanut butter sandwich.
Wanking or screwdrivers? Choose.
Wasabi Donkey.
We will shortly be arriving at your mum's head, please don't clutter the lovely dog.
We're not doing life skills training. We're doing Christmas dog shopping.
We're off to see the lizard, the wonderful lizard of God.
Web based shopping gave me Herpes.
Welcome to 1984. I'm sorry I took your dog out.
Welcome to Biscuit Land.
Welcome to Harvester. Please service my poodle.
Wellie wanging in St. Lucia.
Wellington boots are in my mum, hurrah, hurrah!
Wesley Snipes is a biscuit.
Whale cock.
What a majestic penis your mum has!
What are we going to do about your fucking God?
Floating a jackrabbit porno.
Manuling: playing the mandolin, learning Mandarin, carrying a manikin.
Imagine you're an electricity pylon in the 1970s.
Luther Vandross, parent of a pea.
Donkeys are punching above their body weight.
Vanilla Ice minge party.
Blowjobs for bins.
Don't talk about your mother's cunt, its frowned on in the west.
Merry Christmas living organisms.
Merry massive family-riftmas.
What are you doing with your life?
What, what, what, what, what?
What's a baby dog got to do with Christmas?
When a fish strikes.
When do you want to go to Christ's house in Devon?
Where are you going with your life?
Where do you stand on crumbling a Dinky Toy into a spoon?
Where's the squirrel bitching about fish?
Wherefore art thou sheepdog?
Which station comes after Holborn on the Biscuit Line?
While your were out, Matthew ate 14 tons of biscuits.
Whisky Tits United.
Whistle Down the Womb
Who knows what fish do with their time off?
Who made kangaroos? Not me! says God.
Who's going to eat Jade Goody's cake?
Who's going to eat Madeleine McCann's sandwiches?
Who's headbutting Christmas?
Who's your favourite carer - Angel Gabriel or John Lewis?
Who's your favourite carer - Margaret Thatcher or Diana Dors?
Whoosh, whoosh.
Wide eyed tie died frog.
Wigwam in your pocket.
Will Young came on my mum.
Will Young's nob end is on fire.
William Hague, banjo man.
Willy Wonka died, pissing his own chocolate factory out his bottom.
If you threw up inside a square horse would you laugh or cry?
Window cleaning or cum? Choose.
Wireframe baby.
With this Christmas Tree I do wed you to a cunt.
Wizbit forward, Wizbit pull up.
Wolverine eats crisps.
Women or teapots? Choose.
Worm hole.
Worming tablets for your soul.
Worming your way into my soul.
Worthless piece of cod.
Would you do a wizard with a biscuit on his head?
Would you like a prize made of crisps?
Wrap your dog in fish.
Wrecked on the rocks in my mind.
www.comparebarnstable&luton.com.
www.daterape.com. Can I take your booking reference?
www.dateyourowndog.com
www.dockyourdog.com.
www.fishbook.com
www.godbook.com
www.godsface.com
www.googleyourdog.com
www.hauntyourownmum.com
www.moonmichaelaspel.com
www.powerfulmothers.co.uk
www.pullonmichaelaspelspenis.com
www.rubadickdickdick@dickvandykeshouse.com
www.tickleyourownmum.com.
www.totempoleupyourbaby.com
www.waveatkennethbranagh.com.
You are not alone. I am here with Christmas trees and dinner.
You have a head.
You have a kilogram of sperm in your mouth.
You have a penis?
You have a torso.
You have the manners of a mouse on crack.
You reek of Boris Johnson.
You say lover, I say dog.
You see that thing God does with his tennis elbow?
You're a lovely dog made of Care Bears' leggings.
You're a Range Rover in disguise.
You're fucking over as a human being.
You're more inadequate than sheep, and they're really inadequate.
You're not a bastard, you're Milton Keynes.
You're not my carer you're my bad dog.
You're pregnant with a biscuit.
You're under arrest on suspicion of being a Christmas tree.
You've got 84 cheese burgers in your hair.
You've got eighty-four cheeseburgers in your hair.
You're suckling a giraffe.
Your bum cheeks are lovely.
Your dinner's getting cold in my mum's legs.
Your marmalade is going rotten in the fridge.
Your mum has a body.
Your mum's a wizard and your dog's a horse.
Your mum's on acid and your dog's on crack and the baby bent the spoon.
Your mum's on acid and your gran's on crack and the baby bent the spoon.
Your superpower is your Christmas tree.
Your thigh bone's connected to your squish bone.
Your wank is showing.
Zip up your cheese.
Zippy, George and Bungle died: massive car crash.
Have you thought about the ultimate sheepdog today?
There's empirical evidence that your mum's a juicy whore.
Do you mind if I crack open the horse?
I raped a donkey in distress.
I'm sorry that your dog was dead when I put its penis inside you.
Do you think a fox's cunt smells of raspberries?
There's a breadbox where my heart used to be.
I hate it when cats come together to talk about Luther Vandross.
Zombie invasion in your granny's dog's fish.
Zombie invasion in your mind.
Ballet pumps are evil.
Festive, urban, parrot parkour.
I am the left side of a hippo.
I'm more of a drain on society than a cotton bud.
Hedgehog Bin Laden.
Million dollar sheepdog.
Have you thought about why St Petersburg's paved with horseradish saliva?
Have you thought about if killer whales have vaginas today?
Have you thought about Plato today?
Have you thought about silver-plated camels today?
Soft Focus Lemon.
Rock 'n' Roll Sex Panther
Father Christmas and the tooth fairy eloped to St Tropez
Yummy Brummie
It's a snowman's land out there.
Don't take a bite out of the queen's bottom.
I love it when your ears overreact.
If you count to four backwards it makes time stand still. If you count to ninety nine backwards it makes time do a headstand.
Hans Pamela Anderson.
Alice in a Peugeot showroom in Essex.
Donkeys, polarizing the opinions of polar bears since 1942.
Don't give a snowman an erection.
My mum's a pseudonym for horses.
Your mother bit the knee of a jockey.
There's fourteen branches of Abbey National on that oak tree in the corner.
I'm nostalgic for Fred West.
Stop being a llama queen.
UKIP hates French doors.
Who bears wins.
Truth or bear.
Back In The Biscuit Tin by A Sheep D Sheep
Goldfinger died fingering a light bulb with a wet hand.
I'll play Greensleeves with my mum's vagina.
There's 19 cats in Argos waiting for spatulas.
Oh bears why are you so agitated when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so gymnastic when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so ignorant when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so elongated when you poo?
Who's saying I'm a fucking orangery?
Imagine a free form poet trapped in my abdomen.
There's nowt like an umlaut.
Prickly porpoises pipe their own shit.
A Groovy Kind of Dove or a Moody Kind of Love? Choose.
I'm just shooting the breeze in the armpit.
Your mother's laughing at her own vaginal discharge.
Oh bears why are you so tantric when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so randy when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so self-conscious when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so telescopic when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so sensual when you poo?
Oh bears why are you so non-conformist when you poo?
Dorian Gray died at the hands of a rainbow.
I fuck a saw with your mum's best friend and I fuck a saw with your aunt.
Fountains of jizz gushing into the sea from between a ladyboy's knees.
Minge pistols.
Rummy mummy, it's like a runny mummy, but with more rum.
Pingu raped the radio star.
Thunder, you're louder than thumper.
Fuck your mother with an umbilical cord.
Sand that donkey down.
Fuck your mother with a coat hanger made of astrophysics.
Shut up and milk your mother.
Nana just killed a man.
Don't sleep with hedgehogs too often.
Mozambique, Gloria Estefan, Rolo.
Don't lick out Ben Nevis.
I think cat piss might taste better with Chardonnay in it.
I hate it when bears fuck goats.
I might have burnt your fanny with a latte.
Cats might be sexy wearing stockings.
Toblerone might melt if served in your anus.
I might be licking your dog's balls.
I might be spinning lace with sheepdog jizz.
The Teletubbies might have HIV.
I hate it when Dick Van Dyke rapes your dog.
Obsession is 9/10s of the law.
I might have fantasised about Nigel Mansell in a bikini.
I'm a surrogate for a pin.
I won £18 on the Fish Dog Lottery.
Eyelashes for Hitler.
I think you'll find I'm actually ambidextrous in 8 languages.
Have you pissed on a unicorn in the last four days?
Foreheads for Africa.
Have you played conkers with your breasts?
Cloud porn.
Don't fall asleep with bins in your bitch's bits.
Swallows and Amazons fucked up bandwidth for all the kids in Africa.
Normans masturbate with hardcore porn and boys masturbate with peanuts.
Ronnie Corbett masturbated with an ironing board.
Dudley Moore masturbated with a spaniel.
Peter Cook masturbated with a rubber.
Have you thought about little squirrel pricks?
Let's get wet for Salman Rushdie.
The lord is my shepherd. Baaaa!
I knight you Sir Peter Rabbit.
Toaster porn - illuminating Fraggle Rock since 1984.
There's a sheep dog where my heart used to be.
Your mother killed the radio star.
I'm a world away from a whale's cock.
How much would you pay to see a shepherd cum in your mother's hat?
I'm the love child of Mr Benn and a hippo.
Have a bath with the Devil and Mary.
Can you get a kangaroo holding a jelly through your letterbox?
Do spiders masturbate with cobwebs?
Soulja Boy was so jealous of the moon he rubbed chalk on his pants.
The moon's a fucking golf ball that sat too close to the radiator in Chernobyl.
Dance like a sexual predator from Norway.
How many Trebor Mints does in take to fart into a Parisian tunnel?
Double glazed foreskin.
Pony-eyed cunt.
Paint your own cunt blue.
Poster boy for Shepherd's Bush Roman Polanski.
If you swear at yourself four times you'll feel better in the morning.
Have you ever played Snakes and Ladders with Batman?
I love it when you rub my knob with marmalade.
I love you more than I love my own boxers.
I'm still standing, after all the sheep.
Thou shalt not fuck goats.
Thou shalt not go to supermarkets that sell products made by children.
Thou shalt shout ‘Bears' from the rooftops.
Thou shalt not wrap Christmas presents in August.
Thou shalt not sandpaper a horse until it looks like a fridge.
Thou shalt not weld your mother to your bed.
Thou shalt not sleep with your slippers on your ears.
Thou shalt not exfoliate with rat poison.
How would you classify bears? Hairy, Histrionic or Pear-Shaped.
National knife a pumpkin night.
National diabetes advancement afternoon.
Fairy lights for fannies are the next big thing.
There's a duck stuck in my anus reading poems about snails.
I pissed in your mother's womb with ultra violent liquid and then I gave a ghost a spray can.
Where's Wally's willy?
Wind, you're such a 19th century fuck up.
Shake and Bake off.
The dick of a diplodocus is bigger than the dick of Dick Van Dyke.
Scorsese swashbuckling salad.
Honey I Shrunk Luther Vandross
Farmageddon it's like Armageddon but with cows.
I'm solid as a rock in an ocean made of speech bubbles.
Eternal Band Aid of the Spotless Mind
Your mum gave Asda a BAFTA.
Slam dunk the spunk.
What's the sum of the lamp-post and the moon? The sun.
Light up your life with a sheepdog on ice.
The ladyboys are on me.
It's raining posies and pins.
Soft puzzle picture of a porn star with a pin.
Do you think Noddy's ever raped Big Ears with a pencil?
Subtlety is Nigel Mansell's middle name, after Brian.
Goat sex gimmick.
David Cameron Wacky Races pyjama bed set.
Dave Cameron - outsmarted by a wind chime.
David Cameron's half Latvian, half parrot.
How many people have you told that I'm a boxer?
Salman Rushdie's got AIDS.
Ostrich knickers embellishment.
Knickers for Austria.
Les Dawson, Nando's birthday party.
Les Dawson raped Batman.
I'll tell you a story about how bears used to be.
Nuneaton died raping Stonebridge.
I thought of you when I saw a panda having sex with a monkey.
I fucked a penny-farthing with a Smurf on it.
Come out with your bears up.
I'm charging fishing to dance with Plato underneath the moon.
It's a Rolo rollover.
This is the bit where sheepdogs dance and milk your mum.
You're on trend for a hamster.
Sophie Dahl scuppered the suffragette movement.
What about having sex in a park with a sparrow between your legs?
I don't think this is the Albert Hall, it's just a shoebox in Rotherham.
Too many sheep have had sex in your womb.
Anthea Turner - turning on your mum.
Lamp-post, light of my life.
Lamp-post, have you got strong opinions on dungarees or Hungary?
Lamp-post, I think you might be bit scared of the dark.
Lamp-post, keep an eye on the tricksy bins.
Lamp-post, do you need some socks?
Lamp-post, have you thought about doing a Master's in standing?
Tree, the squirrels are so lucky you've given them white water rafting lessons.
Are you a large tree or a sea anemone?
Trees, lunge at the TV aerial now and now and now six, seven, eight.
Trees, is that your ocean impression?
You're waving like the sea, trees.
Salman Rushdie had AIDS.
How many pings can you fit between the silence and the lambs?
Rolf Harris wants your uterus as a wobble board.
Rambo's Pot of Genes 4
Flake, rattle and roll.
Aladdin armadillo contraband.
It's the Rectum Scale. It's like the Richter Scale but for rectums.
Callipers for scallops.
Sophie Dahl died, she was stuffed with sand by a taxidermist in the Eighties.
There's a Pac-Man pillow shortage.
It's Mullet Awareness Week.
It's time for the Instagram Grand Prix.
Graph paper or legal cats? Choose.
Eyebrows or foreskins? Choose.
Geometric paperweights or roundhouses? Choose.
If you had to rape me against the thermostat, would it be 4 or 9?
Chain Mail dinner ladies.
Solar panels for Africa.
Pillow-talk pincer movement.
Follow the leader to Hartlepool town centre and take your socks off.
How To Filter Water - a classic novel by Jilly Cooper.
The clouds are getting wet for autumn.
What would happen if you divided a panda between your own nipples?
Do you think owls masturbate?
Oh Sacred Heart School, why are they making you into a monster?
Dolphins are bad at sex, dolphins are bad at sex, dolphins are bad at sex, or so I've heard.
Scratch and sniff doorknobs.
Scrape your earwax into a candle and burn the remnants of your life.
Do androids have teeth?
Your mother's vagina is made of truffle oil.
Blue sky thinking reindeers.
Straighten up clouds.
Aladdin had sex with a curtain, Aladdin had sex with a bin, Aladdin had sex with a donkey's foreskin, there's nowhere Aladdin's
I've heard pigeons and chimpanzees are similar in the sack.
Vaginas are the Teletext for sperm.
Zoë Kinross, raised by a tea pot and a storybook about teenagers having sex with dogs.
Rebecca Thom, raised by halogen light bulbs.
Poppy Harris, raised by dolphins and jumpsuits.
Matthew Pountney, raised by breezeblocks.
Russell Lucas, raised by elves and pixie dust.
Did you do a BTEC in performing bears?
Jammy Dodger parenting.
Have you heard about mini-sheepdogs? They're like minibuses, but sheepdogs.
Let's get ready to sheepdog.
Still waters run sheep.
Don't toast your mother's flannel monkey.
Look at the eunuch with a corn. It's a unicorn.
Would you like to play pool with a buffalo?
Have you talked to a teenager in 14th century Latin?
Don't bite the hand that wipes your piss.
Where's Wally in the history of Cognac?
Matthew has messy sex with 9 ducks.
The sun might be toasting marshmallows in an Icelandic flash-dance bar.
Don't stroke the Ferrero Rocher cat.
I'm a mishmash of slivers of progress and doom.
There's scope for me to be a bee.
Mad as Aladdin in a horse's cunt.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or tea tree oil? Choose.
Have you ever stood on a male model in a forest?
Have you ever stood in for a mouse in a forest?
Which gut's which in a witch's gut?
Santa says sex silhouettes are for bears.
Bloody Mary tie died her socks.
Santa fucks you like a robot.
How many buses does it take to talk about Asterix in the dark?
Do you think daddy's sperm made my head?
Matthew Pountney, raised by a handful of walls.
Matthew Pountney, raised by little wolves.
Saturday afternoon, Britain's Got Wolf Tits.
Matthew suckled on a wolf.
Pink Piggy, wolf tits.
Emily Pankhurst, wolf tits.
Tax dodging wolf tits.
Wolf tits aren't available on the NHS.
Jeremy Hunt, wolf tits.
Nicholas Lyndhurst, wolf tits.
Collagen implants wolf tits.
Dick Dastardly wolf tits.
Nana's wolf tits.
Wolfy, wolfy tits.
There are many sheep, many, many sheep, and they're all wiping their bums on the horse.
It's a controlled roll, like a bread roll but more controlled.
Don't play Mallet's Mallet with your own foreskin.
I'm just a four trick pony.
Pac-Man died, mouth piss.
Pac-Man died, measles.
Please lathe the stars into an asterisk.
Please lathe the stairs into a model of Asterix.
Do you want to fuck goats with an onion?
I'm too sexy for my beef wellington.
I'm ready to roll like a history teacher on the dole.
Would you judge me if I had sex with a potato?
I'm so in love with your mother's back I stabbed you in your own.
Would you rather fuck Harold Shipman or a horse?
Zoë raped Peter while the wolf was at breakfast.
Would you rather have cataracts or cat thighs?
How urban are sheep?
Do you know that organ donation in goats is illegal?
Do you want to make a flick book about porn from the Forties?
I'm encapsulating everything bins have to offer the world.
Speckled onions.
Urban Underwear Training Programme
Blasphemer's windpipe on toast.
Leftover laughter on toast.
Unicorns look good in corduroy.
Wave like the Queen to a panda.
I want to play basketball with a leper called Peter.
I'm going to overreact in Newquay on Tuesday.
I'm going to whisper sweet nothings into the eyes of a beetroot.
I heard sandwich bags were rapists.
Would you shave a penguin if it paid you 4p?
There are too many pigs cleansing their foreskins in Tunisia.
Round Mormon square horse.
If you were a fish, would you buy life insurance from a turtle?
I heard Billy Goat Gruff had sex with your teenage daughter.
Otters sleep with their sandals on.
Santa raped your mum with a horseshoe on.
What about cupcakes for Armageddon?
What happens if your mum puts her tits in jam jars again?
I love catnip on sausages.
Beef or eyelashes, choose.
The anagram of hate is Dave.
Unicorns have sex with daisies.
Would you like the surprise guest to be a pelican or a fishnet stocking-clad horse?
Welcome to the Mediterranean if it was in Peckham.
Do you think Pocahontas raped her own spinal disk?
I think the clouds might be poofs.
Splinter for Hitler.
Horseshoe shaped uterus available for hire.
Sophie Dahl died - she was stuffed with sand by a taxidermist in the 80s.
Graph paper or illegal cats? Choose.
Acrylic nails or TV sales? Choose.
Do you think dolphins get freckles?
Aladdin had a dolphin in it that you just didn't notice.
The access needs of dolphins are similar to those of trees.
I think I'm going to re-write the Tube map for dolphins.
How do dolphins fit their dorsal fins into babygrows?
If dolphins wear cat suits would they be catfish?
Do the dolphins and tuna sit on the beach and hold hands?
Dolphin shooting the waves in 42 days.
Shut your blowhole, dolphin' said Greenpeace.
Diazepam-induced dolphin.
Dolphin Matrix.
Take your hand out of a dolphin, Flava Flav.
Nana's secret sequin dolphin pants.
Do dolphins play monopoly with the moon?
Dolphin Bikini Hotline
Art deco dolphin.
Dolphin got flow.
So Solid Dolphin Crew
Dolphin nail bar.
Dolphin making toast for sand dunes.
Little Red Riding Dolphin
Cat sex pyjamas.
